 you ready to set this shit up? get on IM or call my cell "Your IM has been sent to my mobile device. When I receive it, I will be able to reply. Thanks for your IM! Want your IMs forwarded to your phone? Click here" yo... let's play numbnutz "Your IM has been sent to my mobile device. When I receive it, I will be able to reply. Thanks for your IM! Want your IMs forwarded to your phone? Click here" get wu's station working call me back at the house. no phone card. hey yo can try file transfer here "yeah, i'm looking for the right song" ha "I used to have thousands on my computer, but now only have porns" oh yeah? what kind of porn? "ahaha, gay" seancody.com i keep a few but i rotate them out oh yeah those are hot I like them they're like long and straight up no plot just fucking "ahahah, yup, no fillers" are you going out tonight? "ya, I think so. you?" don't think so... a friend kicked me yesterday and really fucked up my ankle "yikes, some friend eh?" why did he kick you? we were being stupid "hahah, ok" have you got any Raja Ram? I kind of want to send you this whole album send me one song ;) but which one! LO L so tough to choose come over and show me the whole album then ;) sounds good to me you serious? "sure, are you?" i've got a powerbook music is portable plus cool cool to hang out "ya," 1005 spruce 1R k i'll put some clothes on My name is Mikee Jun-wei call me Jay if you want to "mmm, i life Jun-wei" like k give me like 20-30 ok that long eh? ;) you are only 5 blocks maybe 10 need to dig out clothes "hahaha, you are like utterly naked and wacking on the net? ;)" "well, you did send me those pics" :) bigmuscle? those are nothing ;) well maybe you can show me more here in about 10 minutes actually i'm dressed on my way k looking for my key.. "ahahha, that is just like me" dig it found it ok i'm out call me back at the house. no phone card what's up mike? yup i m aaron btw a pleasure Aaron well...u don't know that yet lol oh no? when do i get to find out? if ur good or should i say bad lol "hmmm, which do you like better?" i'm talented at both lol depends on my mood i guess i have my days "sometimes i like to bite, and sometimes i like to lick" depends on the weather i guess i bite no shit when i m really into it its hot i haven't run across another yet yeah the hotter the better i love it when i work up a sweat oh don't work u will sweat if we ever get together :-P haha i'll keep it in mind you have a webcam? nothing i have is working i spilled coke over my shit the last time lol "dammit" i use my dv cam but it doesn't actually record anymore i have to go stright to the powerbook ur cam work? "yup, if i hooked it up it should" nice i made a short film in the bath on friday LOL send it to me http://www.neocyde.net/gettingclean_medres.mov make sure you have the sound on nice tx oh hey sorry was on the phone np u should have stood up haha would have been a much better movie then it wouldn't be art so much as porn porn? nah nothing wrong with the male body its not sex u know that eh greeks werre naked all the time the thought the human body is beautiful y hide it I TOTALLY AGREE i do as well "however, i made it for public consumption" and certain things i like to save for special people it's like some of the friends i have that aren't my best friends wouldn't appreciate it the way i'd expect them to lol yea have you been on camera before? yeah of course i shot a video once with this kid Frankie but that was really the only one that i've kept his picture is on my site and is actually a still from the video what kind of video mostly just us messing around my friend Tom filmed part of it and we filmed the rest wow no i haven't had that kind of movie haha "yeah, i only keep one copy" i have never done one of those would you? nah you would if it was just yourself? just think that it might get into the wrong hands someday right don't want any evidence haha and what's this about me standing up in the tub? lol well...maybe in person then that's the idea haha u should like someone i could hang out with i'm game could definitely be friends if not more hi it's neocyde (Mikee) hey whats up? not much chief getting some email done what's up with you? nothin at all bored out of my mind.... you're way the hell out in Lancaster i can see why you're pretty cute you could have some fun down my way you are too.... what part of philly do you live in? the gborhood thats kool me and my ex were goin to move here or near it i dont know really it was 13 and locus i think who was your ex? daniel hofnick please tell me you dont know him i don't know him should i? i dont know but i hate when people know my exs.... he worked at the 30th street train station at fye how old? 23 24 im sorry how long were you together? a year are you in school? not anymore.... im working full time are you in school? nah i graduated from Penn thats kool.... i have my ged.... i hated school but i might go back someday i wish my sister would get hers early and just stop going she hates it too yea what kind of job do you have? i work a a dinner theater no shit i wonder what that' slike its not bad but i get to see shows alot.... i spot the shows so i know every word to gypsy sweet! when did you learn how? to spot? yeah when the show started i was trained ahhh hey sory about that i got kicked off no worries i really hate my computer y? i always kicks me off and its so old i really cant do anything on it i kno what that's like i was using an old Pentium for a while yea\ so do you work? some mostly office bullshit brb back welcome back thanks so what do you do? mostly an office monkey thats kool not bad it pays the bills yea so what are you into? like what do you like to do for fun? i like to read. my roommates are djs so we go out dancing a good bit. i'm also an artist and draw a lot are you into theater arts? im getting into it... but i like takeing picture more i like to be behind the sceen you're a photographer? i try are any of them digital? i had some but my computer is shit so i dont have then now so listen ii'm gonna jump off ok pleasure to meet you hit me up again sometime if you see me on IM me kool laters ok i will bye babe hey sexy hi whats up? looking for some fonts what's up with you? nothin at all bored still..... how can i entertain you? i dont know its nice to get to know someone do you watch TV? yeah i'm watching West Wing it cracks me up i never got into that i don't get to watch much but we usually keep it on Bravo im more of a movie person which movie? all movies.... ive seen soo many what have you seen last? umm..... i watched taxes chainsaw massacure today and camp.... thats just what i watched taday whoa how do you find the time? well it was my day off today... and after work i watch one so yeah i think ive seen almost everything i think my favorite is still Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf sorry i got kicked off no worries ok "so what are you looking for friends, boyfriend, sex?" i like interaction however it comes thats kool what takes you to g.com? g.com? gay.com oh right manhunt yeah.... mostly i just like to look at the guys but theres something about you that made me want to talk to you brb i have to restart my computer.... ok hey hi again so what do you like to read? i just read the last Dart Tower by Stephen King I also like Hermann Hesse and C.S. Lewis iris johanson? haven't run across her yet johansen i like her also Salmun Rushdie what types of books? murder I used to read Anne Rice but that was ages ago i really dont read alot at all... but i really like iris johensen so i read her books how did you pick her up? well one day befor work i wanted a book cuz i have like 2hours free at work so i was at my friends house and his mom had one of her books so i took it to work and loved it nice yeah ok i'm off for the night enjoy your night oh ok thanks laters you too night who is this? hey hi who is this again? mikee how do i know you? manhunt? whats your name on there? neocyde oh yea!!!! whats up? my friend is about to show up from dc thats kool what's up with you? nothin at all trying to kill time befor work what time do you work? 6:30 ish lots of time to kill yeah tell me about it peekaboo "Al, hit me up when you get back" hey! i tried to call ya but your phone is off? 215.964.0242 hmm then i have the wrong # for u should i call ya? sure k rrriiingggg y0 howzit chief its goin... so whats up? i'm going to head over to Maria's tonight she wasn't sure that you two knew that i wanted to be the fourth roommate so she thought we should talk about it ahhhh no actually i dont think we did i mean i told maria on the boat that we had someone who had asked before she had this girl kristen but im not sure if imri wants her to move in or not "yeah, I think it would work out well if it were the four of us... but i'm not going to fuck up ya'll plans" it's cool either way basically it's like this "if you and imri were good with it, maria and i could pretty much commit to moving in" and if Wes needs to stay two more weeks then that's cool too because i'm not on a schedule to move really just would like to get back into the city to make the job easier i already respect the both of you enough to be sure for myself why would wes need to stay? i am confused about wes's situation that i do not know she mentioned it this morning "he was intent on leaving, as was i, but I had to ixnay the last minute" yeah i think maybe just until the 1st of August for him? "yeah perhaps wes should talk with us about it, but he's been moody" well he has till the 31st of july to move i've been letting maria take the lead because she's better at discussing than I unless he decides he's staying yeah maria and i were looking for a place together "wich if he does stay, i think it would be odd with maria there..." not that i know anything but i know things LOL no shit well i can pretty much tell you that she would NOT live with Wes not because they have problems but just because too early maybe hehe no need to explain that "if wes will even talk to me, ill have a chat with him and imri tonight..." "thing is, if juan is the only one moving, i dont think we will take on another roomate" right that's good chief "but ill let imri know u were interested, and once we discuss things with wes, we'll have a better idea" k thanks for letting me know i'm good with it being up in the air for a while but it will be nice to know i hear ya "ok, back to work for me" k laters enjoy hey mike u there? yup what's up chief i got ur PM oh good i was wondering why imri didnt tell u how much rent would be no idea it's always been 400ish ok well here is the exact breakdown the room i currently reside in will be vacant k it is the cheapest room the room wes resides in is more expensive the rent will be $385 and $455 respectively for each room ok "u need 1st, last, and security to move in" "so depending on which room u take, that decides the price" ok thanks for the info i guess maria would have first dibbs because she asked first she does we talked about it which room are you going to take? Juans ok she was just concerned about music late at night OMG well Imri has no respect for anyone as far as that goes so good luck! haha right i told her she needs to take the opposite room of wherever he is "honestly, i would have moved out if i had the money" i am stuck man i've been there many times so are you still considering those other people?? ha one question mark there are no other people heheh OH my mistake "about two months ago, i entertained my brother as a possibility" "and before we even agreed i was staying, i ruled that out" "then, a girl named kristin wanted to move in" "imri did not want her to, because she is young" ok i had wanted my girlfriend to live there but imri doesnt want that either ok so maria is coming over to swim in a minute can i just tell her that we should get this arranged? we talked to Imri about it last week and he was cool with it as long as we talked to you what i'm really trying to decide is how much money i can put on this party this weekend and still come out well enough to buy furniture "haha, my friend Dan says that he's listened to Breakdown 3 well over a hundred times and he wants a new one." haha hey sorry someone came in im at work sooo anyways yeah np yeah so i guess it comes out to either 1155 for my old room or 1375 for wes's ok i have to double check on the rent for wes's room tho but i believe he's been paying 445 a month but rent goes up this year so it will be 455 a month ok i've got that down that's definitely good to know going to take the month to put it together im assuming maria would take wes's old room? most likely u know anyone else looking for a place besides you two? i am just curious "um, i've had a few people express interest" but nothing firm werd Happy Easter happy easter...whats happening? "not much chief, just landed back at home from dinner with my father's inlaws" what' s up with you? not much....just checkin up on the emory baseball team.....they are having a really good season. hows life? pretty good i turned down those jobs in Japan pat was telling me about those....whats the story? bad timing for grad school among other things are you applying to grad schools? this year i hope i have to get a portfolio together portfolio? what are you going to school for? Art awesome......what a re you thinking about probably coding graphics but i'm not tied to it yet tough to say which school i could get in so sort of like what your doing now? "yup, except doing it for real instead of bullshitting" or are you thinking video game type stuff? more tool based like creating ways to visualize sound thats cool.....hows the job now going? very well we have money and i decided after the interviews that i'm pretty happy with it thats always a plus.....hows the selling coming? the japan interviews? they're good on the investment side and horrible with the marketing yup yeah that can be tough.....but its all just selling themselves right? that's what they're pretty good at.. i think the retail strategy is dumb though... my opinion is that we should start with big institutional licenses and then sell to individuals yeah thats probably true. just as long as they keep paying YOU thats all that matters........at this point HA right they said they would break their lease at the office before they stopped paying me and Gonzo so even if we do run out of money i'll have a little bit of a heads up nice....whos gonzo? the network admin how's it going with school for you? you're almost done right? its going alright....yup almost done....thank the good lord heh four more weeks......i am really looking forward to this summer......well i am really looking forward to not going to PSTCC anymore awww you know i'm taking a class there next month via the internet? nope coming home for the weekend "cool, i didn't know that.....whats the class?" motorcycle safety your a dumbass HAH nah it's going to be great do you have a bike? not yet post class i am very happy your taking the class. i'm getting my tax return well yeah that will be sweet taking the class saves me from taking the test at the DMV thats also a plus right i can't wait will you be around? when is the class? First weekend in may 7-9th yeah i'll be here. thats right before the end of class do you have finals? "yeah, but i'll be around" have you taken the MCATs? "not yet, next weekend." whoa well i'll put in a prayer for you i'm gonna need all i can get i can take it in august as well. so i'm not overly stressed best way to be still sucks ass though heh have you taken a class or anything for them>? "yeah....kaplan. but i haven't had much time to prepare, with three lab courses this semester" so you're going into it on blind faith or is this a week of cramming? "i'll be reading this week, but i'm not going to kill myself" good plan i'd say its not real worth it blind faith is enough so what else is going on up north? hmmm got any big plans for the summer? just the bike maybe a few trips are you thinking about headen down to see noah at all? it's been on my list for a while last month he didn't know if he was staying "yeah, same here......i just have to find some money someplace" exactly i really do want to go my newest idea is to start looking into miami living? yup it's the cheapest city i can find so far your not searching very hard. HA well that and this is the last winter i want to see for quite some time miami would be a good choice then you just have to start loving very bright colors HEH is there a grad school down there worth going to? "oh, i don't know" i'm thinking i wont actually be in grad school until 2005 yeah......i know where your coming from. thats seems to be the best possible timeline for me as well have you picked out any choices yet? no i am honestly not real sure what a want to do. i have been thinking about dentistry lately......and all that stuff really depends on the test scores dentist! i need a damned dentist its a good life. you've got me blessing "work about 30 hours a week..........get paid about 200,000 a year.....own your own business" shit there are a lot of up sides heh plus all the perscription cocaine "my dentist works mon-thr. makes about 250, and only works about 160 days total a year" how in the hell does that work out he does what ever the fuck he wants to......pretty sweet deal he takes month long vacations "yeah, seems like my pediatric dentist was a little bit of a playboy" not much insurance problems to deal with and absolutely no call hmmmm and you could deal with people's teeth? "if i am willing to be a doctor, i could definitly be a dentist" TRUE "its essentially a medical specialty, with a lot less school" LESS school sold sign me up "no, residency. only 4 years grad program" yeah thats what i said.....so i am weighing the options right now.....this summer i am going to have to get back into a hospital to see if thats what i really want to be doing "when my time frees up, it'll be easier to make that decision" you think you'll stick around k-town? "i was trying to convince noah to go to school with me, so that we could open a practice....i'm not sure he's up for it" ha his ass is diving all day i think he'll be ok "yeah, pretty sweet life" like Noah retired already yeah....he's a step ahead of all of us only until i start sleeping on his floor for free riiight for beer i'm not sure if k-town is where i want to be.....i really need to get out for alittle bit though its starting to drive me insane heh LOL sorry but yeah something else to decide when i finish up in four weeks sounds like you need a nice long vacation to think these things over we should go visit him together drag McBroom along with us like i said i would love it.....just have to find some money yeah that would be tons of fun we'll make him drive i'll pay for gas done...sign me up have you talked with scott lately? "no, and he doesn't know that i've been thinking about visiting him either" him and Jenny are also on my list "yeah, me too i haven't been to DC since he started school" can you believe he's almost finished um NO i wonder what his plans are? seeing as how i haven't even started last i heard he was spending SB looking for a yob i need to catch up with him yup what about charles? he's back in business? he's still waiting around......doing fine though yeah.....he still has his job good deal did you get to hand out with Patrick? yeah i saw him and his girl a couple of times. he seemed to be alright.....his girlfriend is really nice she is kinda crazy crazy how? fun crazy not crazy crazy can she throw down?? owe yeah pat met her at his local bar.....she was the bartender oh haha he seems to really like japan it was good to see him.....it had been a while no kidding i'd love to still go but the interview that i had or at least one of them was basically them trying to convince us why we should NOT go and it worked thats strange....why? well the one company was like "this isn't an exchange program.. this is like any other job that just happens to be in Japan.. you're not going to get to travel and the people in Japan aren't going to ever totally accept you." and the one patrick works for was completely the opposite damn that sucks.....not very marketing i guess they get enough people who want to go that they can be like that well i guess it was a good decision then. but on the way home from my trip i just decided that i wasn't going to fuck up something that i'm really enjoying how long is the commitment? 1 year renewable yeah....i guess its no joke i think its a good call yo next month i will have been doing this for a year and after that i'm asking for a damned raise also a good call i can't beleive its been a month thats pretty crazy "tone, amanda and i are going to get some food......make sure you call me when your in town, we can go to the lake" sounds good good to talk to you enjoy yourselves tell the missus i says hey always a pleasure will do....she's reading see ya buddy tell her Salmun Rushdie has ruined my life laters alright muhhuhuuauauauahahahahahah LOL :D right? yeah im officially a dork now "careful, they follow you to bed" hahahahaha my girlfriend is gonna get jealous "LOL, yeah, it does things she won't" HAHAHAHA ahhhh wireless is good right? ill have to see if my kodak cam will work with this thing so i can do video chat it's firewire? usb should be ok if it works in iMovie iChat will pick it up auto yeah havent tried it yet my dv cam works by the by any dv cam should how did you get PENN of all places to get you one? well i work there full time as a senior it specialist i had a dell inspiron 8000 that was handed down laptop comes with the postition the dell was dead and out of warranty... sooo actually the delll was 4800 new shiT this was 3100 with penn discount you work for SAS right? they seem so prejudicial against in the literature oh yeah definitely sas is fuct up but i run things so its cool i also run some servers in engineering and classrooms throughout the university i been there 5 years so i somewhat have respect much respect i bought the G3s that the President's Center used many years ago i assume they've replaced them since then hopefully with Macs funny that the President uses them and no one else actually i just went for a job as head it support dude for the pres office i didnt get it tho "but in any case, they are a pc shop now" damn they needed pcs for certain apps i told them about ms terminal server and they had no clue i said that they coulda kept the macs i showed up their current tech person... probably why they didnt hire me :-/ ha that wouldn't surprise me in the LEAST fuck em they'll just miss all the fun i wouldn't go back if you gave me on e yup.... their loss can you put what you want on it or does it have to be legit? i can put whatever i want as long as i dont get investigated for some shit LOL HA just fix it yerself "its basically mine to use whenever and wherever, but the university owns it" that's dope so when i leave... they could opt to do it i wish the U had paid for mine anyways hahahah hey i gotta run if you need anything for it ill chat later lemme know k laters excellent i will thanks mang np what's up HEY What's up? what's up not much at a friends house in south philly I just yelled at twenty kids who were at my front door and I told them to leave. awww they were throwing a party on your doorstep? yes it was obnoxious freshman art fags I'm a CCP Freshman I don't need there art fag bullshit i'm an art fag I have enough drama in my life and I'm moving again. moving? The girl who's room I am going to be moving into is getting her stuff out in a truck tomorrow. whoa It's two blocks from here :-) are you pleased to be moving? hey hi whats up got back today from a fashion show recovering what's up with you? nothing at all did you move? not yet i forget who this is hello yo yo? yup "im, john and you are" michael micheal from? gay.com? yes okay you live around here? yup woodbury where the hell is that 20 min south of cc hmm hey hi whats up you in phllly? "no, home in the burbs" what's up with yo not much lloking for someone to hang with "wish i could chief, caught up with work today" ok hi hi who is this "i hate adding new people, but forgeting who they are" Michael hi michael from where? woodbury whats that? it's a surburb of philly oh okauy are you on gay.com? yup do you have pics? yup http://www.neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg cute tx sure now i wanna see your naked butt ha you'll have to see it in person :-) Anna Bond Yes did sue make it in today? Her light in on in her office. ok thanks! She is in admissions until 12 noon. She has a very busy schedule today. Try to see her at noon. "ok, i'll probably try to get her to fax it so i can save the trip into the city, but thank you for letting me know, very much" Take care and good luck. :* "Michael, today is the senior picnic.  Are you coming?  This is the picnic Ugrad sponsors." oh! Have you returned to Philly. i just got back yesterday do you think i should come? "Yes, Yes, Yes." ok what time is it at? It's from 1 - 3 pm. "ok, i'll see you shortly before then" Ok. Guess what? David and Paul are coming to Philly. no kidding! for a visit or to live? A visit. when will they come? The bbq will be at the MBA Pub. They will be here are the 28th of this month. I am signing off now. See you later. ok enjoy your day "how come every time you call over to SFS they're ""out of the office""?" Because they work too hard. Do you call between 10AM and 2:00 PM? before 10 and after 2 how are you doing? Ok you are calling at the wrong time. Call between 10 and 2. I am doing find. You missed David and Paul on Friday. We went out for drinks. dammit you were going to call me? Get what? Jared has converted to Judaism (?) WHAT Anna we need to go out and discuss You heard me correctly. did you talk to him? Let try this coming Friday...early ok you got it put it in your book No. He told David. David said he was researching when he was in Chicago. I will. I came by to see you yesterday Anna "Yes, Michael" did i catch you at a busy time? "Yes, I have lots of meetings today. Plus I need to tie loose ends before I leave for Memphis." when are you leaving? 6 AM tomorrow. I will return to work on the following Tuesday i'm going to call you right now Anna Bond Yes Michael hi hi you want to have lunch with me tomorrow? Michael we can lunch tomorrow Terry will be joining us. great! what time suits your? See you at 12 noon perfect thanks Anna Take care! "Join me in this Chat. Michael are we still on for lunch?  If so, meet me at Cavanaugh's on 39th & Sansom Street at 12 " ok. i'll see you there. at 1:15 i need to run over to Inn at Penn to meet Rosemary Ok see you then "Join me in this Chat. How was the mtg?" it was great! i'm on the phone right now i'll call you in a sec Ok. "Anna, what does your day look like today?" I am busy today. What time is good for you? "i'm not on a set schedule, but i was prob going to drop by campus today" are you in meetings today? "actually, the morning is going to work out better" "If you don't mind me working, I am availabe until 3:30 today. I plan to eat in my office today." you know i don't mind i'm getting cleaned up now maybe i can help you shove some of that stuff into the trashcan Ok this you later. Great. Anna Bond Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 3 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 3 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. Click here for more information. "Your screen name (Edgwired) has signed in from another location. This screen name is currently signed in at 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." "Your screen name (Edgwired) is now signed into AOL(R) Instant Messenger (TM) in 2 locations. To sign off the other locations, reply to this message with the number 1. Click here for more information." cya hey hi whats up not much i just saw Hero and now i was thinking about putting a movie in but i was checking my mail and here we are fun what's up with you "nm, bored" you got a pic? yeah i can email it to you qubit@neocyde.net sent ok so do you come downtown much>? "yeah, all the time" cute thanks so are you what movie where you going to watch i just saw hero and it put me in the mood for a big beautiful epic lol so i think it's going to be LOTR3 what is that The Return of the Kind King i love that movie i love the soundtrack i have never heard it i got it off iTunes cool i wish i brought that movie with me i've got it on dvd me too but it is at home where ar eyou from? Chadds Ford basically West Chester ok i'm familiar do you go back often? sometimes i try not to i love being in the city ha you're a sophomore? yeah studyiing? Pharmacy "you should bring your movie here, and we can watch it" oh man i am done with travelling for real lol but it sounds enticing :-D where are you at 13 and lombard center city right yup your close to woody woodys* very down the block like three blocks i could come there hehehehe ;-) that sounds enticing too i may have company here in a few minutes "lol, its cool" put me on your list tho "ok, i will" i will ttyl then :-) laters hi hi again im bored oh yeah? and i just did some physics and organic chemistry well no wonder you're bored lol i want to go out so bad what are you doing well i am going to read ttyl oh soryy Maria started telling me a story and i got caught up i'm sitting here enjoy your reading i'll catch up with you later lol ttyl k hi hi whats up at work what's up with you just got out og physics class decent lol it was so boring i like physics is it mechanical or electrical? it is just normal calculus based physics i just have to take it to for my pharmacy courses i just have to take it to for my pharmacy courses cool is this your last semester of it? nope "i have 5 more years including this year of classes, but i have just this semester and next of physics" :-\ enjoy it while it lasts lol brb k back ok sorry if i seem distracted i'm getting a few things done at my desk its cool where do you work? in manayunk cool i have yet to go there hi hi how are ye good looking for something to do i think oh yeah? no plans for the night? nope "well, i'm eating now, and then i was going to take a bath, and then i was going to watch that movie i never put in the other night" you can come to watch it if you like lol what movie The Return of the King i've been talking about since sunday oh yeah :-D thats all your doing tonight definitely i keep staying up way too late lol and i was a troll at work today awww what is your manhunt name neocyde i should come and visit oh yeah? yeah ok is that a yes yes i'm just getting into the bath now ok why dont you call me when you get out k and then we can meet by your place and take it from there oh well i'm not really leaving the house i'm putting on my pjs ok and getting into bed i can meet you at your front door lol ok my # is 484-678-1753 "call me when you get out, and then i will hop on the trolley" ok talk to you soon then yup i am walking out the door now k later hi man hi how are you pretty good how are you doing? I am good havent talked to you in awhile "yeah, i'm sure we're both busy as hell" i told one of my friends about you he's an photographer/illustrator yea and he was totally interested in call you up calling you up cool he's in philly today can i give him your number? "sure, whats he looking for ?" he has designs in mind for t-shirts i think cool what number should i give him? 267 240 6747 cool thanks! his name is Tom cool ok cool hows work been "Decent, I've bought my own business" really what is it Remodeling like construction? yup mostly bathrooms cool so no more graphics on the side i do them for Wharton cool I use to do a lot of construction i think i remember you telling me that the money is great "yea, it is" so what's up today? just got up U tying up loose ends yea well I am gald to hear about your new business thanks very much i have good expectations do you have people working for you? not yet just me cool lot o work definitely I use to do addtions no shit where did you learn the work? and work for some guys that did marble and bath tooms bathrooms really On the job yeah i've been working with my dad for about a year so listen i've got to run upstairs ok catch up with you later? sure take it wasy easy you too laters yo hi is this eric? nope mikee oh ok lol hi hi "I am away call the cell 267 240 6747 http://www.GayTshirt.com" eric? nope mike opps np your names are so close what's his ? ReEnded just the where you two are on my list and how I read lol dig it I moved you lol betta so how is the job i bought into my own business yea I made tshirts for you nah for the kids not me oh where are you ? philly nightcamp nope oh remodeling so confused I know you told me b4 i'm not on here much i see your bf at the gym some ok send me a pic lol http://neocyde.net/avatar.jpg oh your the artist in my spare time yea i have a friend who is dying to talk to you really yup i told him what you do his name is Tom he's a photographer but he's got all of this material i think he thinks you might like is he from NYC? yes not from but in yea he meet with me and called me ok but then never sent any images so he just called me yesterday to find out how to get in touch with you he's kind of space cadet-like he was blond someitme "yeah, or red" ok sexy yup I have to go ok laters but keep in touch sure hi hello I am away from my computer right now. ok bill khere sorry I am getting lasy typing no worries i have a few ideas really that fast? just things off the top of my head cool would you need sketches or illustrator files? either but I would have to scan them in so IA mioght be better either way it would probably take me a while to develop things like this sit in the back of my mind until all of a sudden it seems like the right thing to do ok same with me I understand "well, let me know how it goes" i will thanks for the oppotuniry sire sure "as far as pay, I think a feww for your time and a cut as each shirt sells" "I dont have tons of money, but feel if it sells well then you can do ok" sounds good to me i think we can work that out if it goes well k sounds good I made someone else an offer what did you offer them? 1.00 for each shirt that sell sells "but I think it reall depends on the cost, if its one color then I can malke them" all the ones i'm thinking of would be one color "cool, well then it would be a 1.00 if it wholesales, or 2.00 if I see it on my site, what do you think?" cool I sell a lot of my twink shirts have you seen that one i'll go back and look its under gboy they are the ones I do who's the damned model that's what i want to know LOL there are two the blond is craig an ex the other in my bf you have a bf currently? yea well i see craig i haven't run across the other really www.users.fast.net/~billbow aww that one pic is adorable I am away from my computer right now. what one the second one lol thanks I just fixed his link http://photos.yahoo.com/baristabill2002 oh right oh did I answer your question about colors i've seen him on g.com before? yea i guess you all are in an open relationship? no we have donw threeways done he's a cute one yea a good model LOL although yea none of these pics seem to have tshirts in them lol he is the model on the logo too how long have you been together? 6 years 5 sorry intense! and craig was before the? that? craig came in the middle awww a threeway theat never left right that's why i kind of swore them off at least when in a relationship my last bf insisted on them yae well didn't insist but you did them? a few times more though when it was just me and two other boys oh you were open? not when i was with him when i lived in SF oh ok well LOL a lot of places you bottom or top how about when i was young vers you? vers bill? yea wait you're bill yea why do i think you're bf's name is bill? it is AH ha! we are both bill LOL your mike? at the moment yes are you a photographer? I do you need some photos do i? i have a few I do it more as a hobby and for my bf do you ? sorry i'm always ready for more he's a model? he has he was in tlas santa add of xmas www.tlavideo.com alas i am far too short for? how tall are you modelling 5'6 I like short guys as do i who can tell from a photo Oh I am too tal tall http://neocyde.net/farm.jpg how tall? 6'1 TALL you look nice and rough in that pic i was feeling a little rough after Tom smeared mud on my fave face yea you look sexy any other pics? all to his credit a few craig is short http://neocyde.net/wine.jpg do you still see him? yea not sexually right right ok I have to get to bed ok Bill I am away from my computer right now. sleep well let me know what ideas you come up with maybe I can help you think them out i will sure ideas are great bill@GayTshirt.com voxel@neocyde.net I always forget them as I walk around and think about them I loss the concept i know what you mean but if it sticks with you then you know it's worth doing "true, I knew I wanted a twink shirt, but took me for ever to work out the rest of it" ha you did a good job haha "yea, thanks, they seem to like it" i like the you are my next masturbation fantasy I alway wondering when I sell a X-Large yea that is cute too sells good ok night night good night what's up Bill I am away from my computer right now. hey nothing how are you i'm well thanks and you? tired oh i feel that bf got drunk and sick today was quite the day awww where did you go? it was him all over were you with him> the later half of the night is he doing ok? yea in bed i was at bump for a minute with my friends.. really yup i'm in south phil right now really where 9th and ellsworth cool did you enjoy the day? it was ok hey I am going to bed ok sleep well you too be good always cool hi hi hello I am away from my computer right now. how are you i'm well thanks and you? I am good what's up today? nothing having coffee waiting for the man having dinner together>? naaaa steaks on the grill that was my lunch good choice yea hey I want to do a shirt i know this i've been thinking about them i have three in mind "Twink Magnet" but I need a graphic to gowith the text were you thinking just a cartoon magnet or something else? "a magent is easy, but something sexual" i have a few faces in mind.. yea but those i think would be better for a diff shirt what i was thinking "but also I was thinking of the guy, not the twink" to have a big budge and that would m the magnet good idea well let me know are you at work yup working right now cool "my plan of action was to get a few ideas, maybe 5, ideas together, and submit them as a group, so they could fall under a separate ""brand"" on your site" in theory they would be related by the drawings as the style ok well I am looking to push the gboy line i'm sure you get higher margins right? "yea, sure" ok tell you what i'm almost done with this ok i'll take the afternoon and sketch some lol ok ok I am going to get going k enjoy the afternoon we can talk about it soon you too I am going to work on some mock ups too k hi hey did you guys get my banner "nope, i missed it" where did you send it? no from the club "lol, which club was this?" oh wrong guy sorry lol np your the art student? yup ok sorry np so whats up animating what's up with you really yup all afternoon nice outside though it's amazing cool at your house? yup nice howzit going with you? good I have a tshirt idea I think would be easy for you what's the idea? "simply creamy simply delicious" some thing to do with Ice cream oh cool sounds like fun i actually have some designs for you and i finally bought a scanner nice haven't put the two together yet ok did your magnet t-shirt work out? yea I think take a look i dig it tryed to make it look like the skater logos like quick silver you did well thanks I am think about doing more corporate type logos so people would have to really look will sell well i think but at a glance they would think its some shirt well when every you have time haha have to seriously make the time i still have your email address when i get finished with this presentation i'll try to put something together to send you are you still in classes? nope are you working? yup k k oh one more thing ? I am going to do this banana logo on a shirt I will send it ok computer is running like crap :( too much porn heh JK so where do you work? in Center City for a software company what do you do there? art director cool then I am done bothering you "haha, it's cute" you made it? no ding bat bats font Oh OK use it it's great the banana I am going to do in black ink on a banana colored shirt really big you know big banana the cop I am tring to do in a glitter so cute "well, some day lets meet up" cause I really want to have a foucus and someone to do some art np sounds good "I want to make some icon, something that people who are gay will get" i may be moving back into the city next month where are you in jersey what area Gloucester County south of Camden oh ok do you drive ? nope i'm a terrible driver well I can come over or something or meet somewhere close if you like there are some nice cafe's here in town cool or there's always the pool at my house lol that's where i like to work anyway ok well you tell me waht times are good for you any day but this friday after 12 "ok, I am off on fridays from wrok" work this friday i have to be in the office in cc "yes, but i'm also setting up for a party on friday so the day is beat" k the week after is decent ok at least right now it is wait lol that friday is the 2nd i have family coming in but probably not until late and i'm going to a boat party that night so mid afternoon should be ok ok email me "can I send you a small photo shop file, I want to show you what this guy did" sure that's pretty good. he drew it himself? "no, under tv" there are layers oe is an out line I think he used find edges but applied it to a new layer it has potential for decent branding well I just want to learn how he made the outline on a new layer what you said sounds like one way to do it yea well I dont know have to make it a new layer paste into I will try it so what are you making an animation of ? it's a presentation for our software for BellSouth oh working right what do you create in ? flash k i'm going to go eat something ok thanks np email me about next friday if it suits you ok laters laters hey babe how ru covered in paint from head to toe what's up with you? what ya paint my room i wondered if i would hear from you did you enjoy the other night? well i figured i would im u since u obviously weren't iming me ;-) no i did not enjoy it i had a rotten time and you were the worst person i ever slept with in my whole lifetime ;-) j/k yes i had a good time u if u can't tell im a smartass i particularly liked putting you to sleep thanks for cluing me in "btw, i can give it right back" are you going out tonight?\ nope going to bed shortly with anyone fun? i'll send that joke back to the writers of course im a blast ;-) "well, pencil me in for a blasting sometime" "although, i think i'd prefer it from your head" at least at first did you watch last night's debate? yes clips much better than last one who did they say won though the new york times is calling it a draw i think so bush won then ny times is so fucking liberal bush came a little unglued it would take a miracle to have them give it to bush ha TRUE "although, he did scream for more than a few minutes" it was interesting to watch what u paint right now i'm painting the walls in my room with their undercoat i haven't painted a portrait in a few years and i am seriously covered in paint the colors came out well tomorrow is glaze and trim so u paint i sculpt and i draw more than i paint but yes u paint walls those too well? better than most u like doing it i like designing it "painting is ok, but it's really watching the design come together that keeps me going" my mother paints faux finishes for a living no i meant like walls like living room wallks bedroom walls right that's what she does she gets more into glazing sponge painting textures i'm doing some of that with my room u can design pick out colors for homes yes ok and i am being serious here "i would pay you to come and pick out colors for my kitchen, living room/dining room, hallway, office, and bedroom and to paint it" i have not one artisitc bone in my body god ripped me of that gay trait that sounds reasonable.. you first need to decide if you like my style i can design well but i design what i like mostly im just talking colors and paint right nothing fancy i don't even know if colors match lol heh colorcell.com lol http://colorcell.uneven.org/index2.php computers can't even help me how will i know if it goes with my bed mostly no or sofa or tables or pictures so confusing my stepfather paints everything a shade of tan neutrals go with everything but depends on how spicy you like to be in most cases i'm not very stingy with color anyway i'd have to look at your house again so u would look at my hosue and not me this time ;-) that depends on how good you are at not distracting me but seriously how much would that cost me for 5 rooms including cost of paint i have no clue "basic paint and trim without a lot of fancy shit is $50-80 per room prom, my mother charges anywhere from $350 - $1200 per room depending on what kind of finish you like" although i just spent over $160 on paint for my bedroom what u mean by finish "there are processes you can apply to the walls to make them have metallic crackle, or look like leather, or look like denim, or have a stone finish" or sponge them to look like clouds jesus so complicated ;-) a bit the first thing we do is look at your house the second thing we do is go to Lowe Lowe's and look at swatches have you fallen asleep on me again? no did i last time i took an ambien so very hazy i used to eat those and you did how much do you have set aside for painting your house? $0 lol i need to know how much then i will get it if i feel it is worth it i jsut want it done before xmas i'm getting mine done for our halloween party i docorate for xmas on nov 1 "if you're free the friday before halloween, you should drop by" oh wow im an xmas freak are your family as well? no just me how did that happen? i just love it lvoe the music the decorations the tree the mood of people the shoppiong the giving the getting etc etc i gave up Christmas NO u can't do that I have last year was it for me no more why i don't understand family issues mostly. it has never really been a pleasant experience. i give people things throughout the year instead its not about the gifts its about cookies and trees and lights and decoprations and teh spirit of givin "more than that, i think i expect the people you love to come together during the season" yes friends and everythin christmas just doesn't happen for me my grandfather died on christmas but that's not why i quit it's just an example of how christmas is for me i think it's a fine concept to carry with you as much as possible i love christmas my favorite day of yearr i'm definitely a halloween person or beltane do you play santa claus? yes i do believe it or not i believe it i go to all the poor kids homes and deliver presetns every year your are thoughtful where u live again "13th and rodman, between south and lombard" gotya well i think i am about to hit the bed "ok, i will as well after i finish this wall. sleep well." ku too xoxo oops wrong person hi bobby hey hone y how ru decent home for the day what's up with you? nouttin home for a it now getting ready to go back to bump or commerce? commerce have happy hor for an empoloyee want to stop by my place on the way? i can't have a 3:45 at salon eruopa pedicure manicure where's that located? i need to find aplace in the city to go to 2nd and soutgh listen be back in a bit gotta hop in shower i'll im ya before i leave k enjoy it gotta jet bye ybe laters i like acupuncture shoes I look lovlier by the day and today I look like tomorrow...whereas nelly looks uglier by the day and today he looks like next year :-) hi hi Bobby y what's goin on? not myc u much playing Splinter Cell online with Dan how was the bundle of terror? he behind me still enjoying yourself.. watching mary poppins awwwww that was my favorite movie when i was a kid do you have plans for tonight? i believe i am going to go to bumpo ok there's a decent night at Silk City if that falls through lol i don't do those kind of bars :( the music will be good.. but i understand i'll probably be the only fag there brb k how's it going? hi hi babe what's up? not much u i've been thinking about your house you really want to paint it? yes but i didn't realize how much it could cost i may have to wait til after christmas maybe the living room before hand though just not the whole house right away "I was thinking I could do the whole thing for $2000, but if you want to just do the living room, then it would be much cheaper" what were ya thinking $2000 plus materials or $2500 materials included how much w/ materials do you think for my room downstairs 100 - 150 maybe less i usually end up spending over a hundred on a room put it this way figure 30 - 40 for brushes and tape and shiza $20 per gallon 20 - 30 per gallon X 2 gallons for the walls 1 for the trim if it's a different color 1 for the cieling if its a different color although your downstairs would look hot with a kind of sand finish to it but that's outside of the equation lol u crack me up i have no idea it could be so complex "yeah, it's a process" the good part is that i already have a lot of stuff that you would need plus i may end up getting a sprayer :-) but anyway what is a sprayer you suggest something to me and i can't stop thinking about it "a sprayer is this machine you use to get the paint really smooth. used instead of a roller, and is much quicker in the long run" lol well you will have to come over and tell me what you think like colors and stuff cause i really have no clue oh ok no problem. we'll do it over martinis have you plans for the weekend yet? i work at commerce the whole weekend it sucks what bout you "friday night we're going on a haunted hay ride. saturday, i think i'm staying in." i'd like to drop by sometime to get a better idea of what's already in your living room to select some swatches with also see what's in your closet.. in my closet? haha yup your clothes will say a lot about your taste also your favorite colors how was your nephew's visit? one sec phone k k what are ur weeknights like sun-thurs this week i'm in the suburbs "next week, i'll be around maybe monday, and again on thurs" ok one of those couold work for me if it could work for u i'll make it work cool i will block monday out then? or thursday? thursday is better ok thursday it is what time is good for you im avaiobe after 4pm 7 ok that is good whats ur full name and number so i can put it on my calender so i dont' froget Michael Edgcumbe 267.975.8514 ok got it :-) :) fun "ok, time for my bath" enjoy your night u too bye bye silly it's me! oh lol i was like i know no one on this email you sent me a video of an old lady once so this is the one i used this party is going to kick ass oh ok hey i may have to cancel tomorrow i will call u early in the day hi bobby hi hi my party went off really well all the fun from last year without the random bullshit did you go out last night? loil worked well then stayed out i'm still drunk what are you up to? you want to play for a bit? was in shower k i cna't now maybe later i have to start decorating i took off today for that awww! sounds like fun! you want some help? my ex is coming over to help oh ha! well im off ttys bye bye ok enjoy! "Bobby, I've got a quick question for you.." "Who would be the best person to talk to at Commerce about securing a business loan?" i can get you in contact with someone how much 15G what for i'm buying into my father's business basically expanding on what he's doing i can refer you to an ann zelienski call me tomorrow after 10am 215-808-5785 thanks :) and I will get her to contact you awesome chief i'll def call just want to say thank you for forwarding me to Ann. We spoke today and will speak again in the coming week. :) cool was she nice extremely and informative cool :-) many thanks hi bobby hey babe the holidays are here! and i'm even in the mood for them how are you doin? good but can't chat I iwll imi u later ok going ot families enjoy the afternoon :-) what ru doign this is mikies mom .. he's at andy's oh ok thanks sorry no prob..watching butterfly effect hey hello whats up? taking a bath what's up with you ur in the bath now? yup kinky lol a bit heh do we know eachother? i don't think we've met i assume i spoke to you on g.com yea ur on my list whats ur name there neocyde yours? bountyboi610 you're in philly? no bethlehem hey hello who is this? Chris hi Chris howve u been? great just got back from a long vacation awesome where to? North Myrtle Beach very nice whod u go with? my sister and her father awesome have fun? yessss really nice to relax yay! what you been up to? not much working :-P we met on g.com right? yea i haven't touched a computer in two weeks heh where is it you work? guardian life are you an adjustor? no i run their email system "ok, i think i've asked you this before" apologies for not remembering i sort of let everything go its ok :) i'm actually packing to move where to? into philly where are u now? jersey cool where in NJ? woodbury about 20 min south of cc cool :) where are you at? bethlehem right do you come into the city at all yes where to? depends where im invited to :-P heh how old ar eyou? 27 i find that a decent age to be i almost wish i was lol why? i'm looking forward to two years from now dont wish ur life away! mostly i don t but let's say that things are looking up awesome! :-D what are you up to right now? just relaxing u? catching up on email and getting out clothes no stay naked! lol ha i've got boxer shorts on do you have a pic? yes connect to me i think i'm behind a firewall can you email it? voxel@neocyde.net sent k brb ok right! i remember some of these! cool :) i've got a pretty visual memory i should have just asked for them first but sometimes that's rude oh its cool :) almost done packing YAY! well sweety i need to get some rest welcome home! thanks "and if i dont talk to you, good luck with the move" sleep well thanks :) you too! happy solstice do you remember where you parked her car? i may go over and see if i can see inside hey what's up sorry i got booted i was going to say thanks and so are you haha computers stink yup someday theyll make computers that dont make mistakes you think so? i'm not so sure computers are pretty illogical i mean they just do shit on their own which doesn't seem possible but it's tru e maybe theyll make a new type of computer i hope so i almost gave them up do you like any sports wow to be honest no LOL i mean i ski and i play golf but i don't watch anything except for occasional football actually i like to go to actual games like baseball and i've been to all sorts of football games you sound like a sportaholic LOL i'm really not at all but it does happen in my life every now and again what do you follow? football the most go dolphins whatevers in front of me why the dolphins? who the heck knows i played soccer for a long time i always wanted to ski or play golf or wrestle or box theres a lot of sports i never tried skiing is fun but it's a pain in the ass for the first few years golf is fun while drunk do you drink alot nah not as much as i used to me too do you smoke occasionally how old are you? 22 are you working? yea doing? substitute teaching you enjoy kids? o yea theyre the best they crack me up you teach all ages>? elementary school where do you live? yardley pa hmmm how far out of the city is that? like 30 min you? Woodbury NJ which is like 20 minutes south i grew up in jersey south jersey? woodbridge and jackson fun places what did you like about them? i dunno jersey is more interesting than pa more dynamic i like it do you have to work tomorrow? nope spring break i'm so damned horny right now i've been trying to ignore it all night its cool i have a boner too yeah? o yea you want to come see me> ? you live alone? yup awesome what do you like to get into? i'm pretty much a top all the usual is good for me i like body contact and kissing and shit what gets you off? ill try anything really im more bottom i like kissing and oral as long as its fun right you seem pretty cool my name is keith Michael it's a pleasure "if you dont mind me askin, how big are you?" 6c you? around the same you know what though? it's fucking too late in the day to hook this up what but if you want to hit me up again go for it ill buddy you up k you bouncing? i think so it was real nice meeting you yup thanks take care happy easter gnite you too hello! hi how's it going? so so how about you? :-\ i'm doing ok what you up to? stopped at my mom's for lunch.. have to get back to work in a little bit good deal what are you doing? "at work, making a sign" trying not to quit on the spot ouch that bad? i'm just annoyed i don't like the people here so much how long have you been there? less than a month i usually don't last long at jobs. average is 8 months then i split. sometimes 2 weeks. but i really like the place i'm at now. it's been a little over a year.. which is amazing for me where's it at> wilm do you remember me? yeah i mean where are you working like what's the employer artcraft uph. is it a retail store? "you don't remember me, do you?" you painted the pictures of nietsche 1 of nietzsche :-P right and oscar wilde and not greta garbo but something.. i remember the paintings "marlene dietrich. i work at an upholstery shop, commercial & residential" ok this rings more of a bell we talked about your job you're totally right yes my bad. i have a pretty sketchy recall ability it's ok. sometimes i do as well are you still interested in meeting this weekend? which day is better for you? sat sure i may leave on sat night for the suburbs but the afternoon would be great ok thanks for reminding me do you have my number? nope 267.975.8514 got it "well, i gotta run" you might hear from me sat. afternoon ok Charlie good luck w/ work.. hope the rest of the day is a little better thanks man i appreciate that thought ttyl laters hey are you leaving? "hey, it's mikee" hey..hey..what's up? layin in bed. considering a nap got up at 5 ouch! sounds like my week day mornings...lol "yeah, tomorrow's not so bad" it's cool if today aint' cool for you. no drama here..so i won't have a hissy..lol now that i like how about i keep you on my buddy list and hit you up sometime soon? sorry..phone. no problem! i would definitely like to hang out...love your hair btw..fan of longish hair..mmm! haha thanks :) my pleasure! ok. sounds good. i'll catch up with you laters. cool..thanks for the message and i look forwward to meeting up soon!!! hi hey there ;-) i ate something instead of sleeping. i feel better what you up to? haha..good for you! at work still..sigh..getting ready to head out in a bit what keeps you? was finishing up some stuff...yadda yadda..lol what kind of job do you keep? i work in publishing ok neat yeah..it pays the bills..lol. how about you? "all kinds of things.,, accounting, graphic arts, and construction" ok..cool..multi talented ;-) so...you interested in meeting up? ;-) could come by..smoke up a bit and mess around some ;-) sure are you in cc? yeah..15th & south ...well..15th & kater actually you work there as well? no..i work at 7th & walnut..curtis center..here now gotcha "well, i'm at 1308 rodman st" very familar with the area..my best friend use to live at 13th and rodman..just put his place up for sale oh yeah? it's a nice block # is 2155461642 yeah...it really is! cool..thanks! so...want to meet up? want to come by say at 7:00? sounds good i'll be around sweet! iam at 1540 Kater Street. what's kater off of? or between i guess? South..it's in between South and Bainbridge. I live closer to the 16th street side. gotcha sweet! so we on then? :-) still there? yup brushing my teeth haha..ok. here's my cell in case something comes up or if you have any problems. 267.240.7294 ok..i am jetting. see at 7! :-) laters good morning ;-) hi Christopher "just wanted to say ""hi"" and that i had a blast (literally!..lol) last night. look forward to hanging out again with Mikie ;-)" sweet! i had fun too. good! ;-) hey there :-) hi how are you? decent yourself? haha...doing good thanks! have a good weekend? it was pretty good what were you up to? cool...not much...went and saw kd lang last night at the kimmel...was really good! oh i love her yeah..me too. she did a great show last night..very intimate cool very i'm out of town right now aaahh..ok! anywhere fun? nope south jersey "lol...yeah..not fun. well..i just wanted to say hello. drop me a line when your back in town, still would love to hang out again sometime ;-)" absolutely cool..take care :-) you too Hi have U cam? sold it ok:) bye laters ciaoooo scusa se rompo:) hai IO RObot in dvix? not me grazie lo stesso ciaoo:) laters pi tardi ce l'avrai ?? "nah, it's just a way of saying ""goodbye" ah ok...ti piace l'inglese eh ?? ehehe ok grazie cmq ciao ciao! laters! ciaooo posso mandarti un video su halo 2 da me realizzato ? http://homepage.mac.com/cino/iMovieTheater10.html ciaooo...solo per provare...http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewPublishedPlaylist?id=154310 hey sexy hi can i sito n your cock? lol you're the second person to say that to me within 45 seconds it's the same person lol that was my suspicion "well, i ignored you on g.com" so you're lucky you have my AIM lol do you sit on many cocks? or are you more of a seat? both i have an interesting question for you what's your name? clay u? mikee two e's cool what else do you have to say for yourself clay? for example "if i must be horny for showing up on g.com, what is it that you're doing there?" hehe i don't hookup a lot anymore though if i'm horny i go to manhunt for some reason i hit up g.com like once a month to see if there's anyone interesting to talk to tonight it's the shallow end of the kiddie pool yea "so we're left with hooking up, out of boredom" shouldn't have taken a nap today lol so what's up for real why you got to mess with my head i thought u'd know it was me because of all of the hints in your profile or because of your nonexistent picture? we met on gay.com did we? yea lol god well ther eyou have it was i drunk? don't know did i try to pick you up? no we just chatted good deal i think i was drunk if i recall correctly the first time anyway lol "anyway, the only reason i know who you are right now is because i put your picture in my buddy list" i remember faces not names lol there's one in particular on that site you sent me that was the reason i was able to pick you out of the crowd it's different from the rest how old were you when you came out? 15 where did you grow up? charlotte? yea do you get into groups? no when was the last time you had a bf? last year how long was your longest relationship? 8 months how old was your oldest bf? 24 what happened after 8 months? was that a touchy question? how about this instead: what sign are you? we're down to nothing ok enjoy your night i was wrong about your chart. the time of day is important what are you doing tonight? going to a gymnastics party "for future reference, do you have a fake id?" no "ok, enjoy the party" hehe i bet i go to more clubs and bars in this city than you do "it's one of the perks of being ""in"" with rich business men" you could come over here for a few drinks if you like or if u really liked me...you would run with me to the liquor store lol it's the quality not the quantity that counts i appreciate the invitation huh? what r u talking about? "i bet i go to more clubs and bars in this city than you do it's one of the perks of being ""in"" with rich business men 8:10 PM you could come over here for a few drinks if you like" oh maria and i are getting cleaned up to go to funk rock "i go to like Emerald City, Bleu Martini, Soma, etc" i think that's quality for philly at least Soma on Mondays is decent Emerald City.. meh Fluid and Silk City are where you'll find me if i'm out but i don't club nearly as much anymore i can get into any club i want...i just have to give my friends notice i don't pay when i go either "well, most of the time" i rarely ever go to a party that my roommates don't throw unless its hip hop and i'm going with maria fun...sounds like we'd get along you don't do gay stuff that's inviting almost never all of my friends are straight "they tell me they want to go to Pure with me, and i'm like WHY" lol i've never been to Pure or Woody's "Pure is one of the better spaces in the city, but i've never seen them throw anything in there that was exceptional" Woody's is just sad The clubs in San Francisco were so much better i'm going to San Fran in Feb i can't wait "until then, work on getting me a fake" go to the End Up on a sunday Sunday morning after sat night cool how went the party? iy was ghreat what are you up to now? nothing u? "in bed, wearing myself out looking for the music of the dj we heard tonight" like dangerously down the stairs 704-616-8632 call me lets chat for a few oh "well, i thought you'd want to spend the night" cuddling ha i got all of those at once i'll call you how was princeton? didn't end up there...we spent so much time in new hope...then ran to doylestown and saw a movie and ate more food which movie? team america was it funny? yea did the recruiter say anything interesting? nah...just chatted he's gay...he thinks i'm cute...i'll wrap him around my finger and get what i want so the undies did come in handy no sex "anyways, gotta go" later laters hi hi how goes it? umm..ok did you get the email i sent you> nope claystew@temple.edu ? i don't check that one often...try ScreamShatter@yahoo.com lol ok i'll forward the one i sent to that address the temple one has been overtaken by spam do they not filter it for you? sent they do...but it's one company that is killing me you can bounce the message as if your address doesn't exist and they'll take you off their list it's from multiple emails k i didn't end up going to transit why not? my friends showed up at the house right before imri left and we cooked instead al and he played at Emerald City last night are you busy this week? hmm i don't know did you enjoy yourself the other night? what kind of a question is that? "translation ""i wonder if i'm wasting my time" hmm "take no offense, it's just an open wondering" i wouldn't say wasting your time...but i'm not going to jump into something with you quickly. ha ok i don't mean that in a bad way...i'm just taking my time you're not the only one on the other hand "the last time I gathered a level of interest in a boy beyond the obvious was over two years ago. you could chalk it up to circumstance, but at think at the very least its an interesting emotion to analyze" only my friends get invited out after a first glance :) lol do you remember me telling you that i had to see you create something before i could tell what to think about you? no ha i wonder how much you do remember you're quite the conversationalist i'm looking up some stuff for classes :( "study away, by all means" accounting doesn't just happen by osmosis although i should probably tell you "when i took those classes, and a few others, i would usually figure out what they taught in the class by taking the exsam" you can do decently well without paying much attention i go a B+ on my accounting exam...the avg for the class was a C- got* how much work did you put into that B+? a good bit...but my teacher is one of the hardest in the school bbl k i'm excited about your party...just so you know. come around midnight gone with team to see SAW...then to halloween party at Mikie's sexy...i just got home about 15 minutes ago!! we ended up in Central NJ b/c we took the wrong exit :( holy shit! "well," the cops are cleaning out all the random people right now lol so if you want to come in like a half an hour "it will be less crowded, but more fun" hahaha i'm tired...i think i'm going to bed in a few...im' so exhausted oh man ok a few people are going to be dissapointed a few? who?! my friend s who r they? so many ppl lmao...they don't even know me nor do they care lol i told them you were coming i'll meet them another time...i'm seriously about to pass out ok sleep well nite man hey hey what's up? just chatting for a bit cool the party went off well :) good good i'm so sorry i didn't come :( no worries what are you up to today? hanging out with my friend julia want to come watch a movie at my house? basically there are few people still up watching the projector downstairs lol...i can't right now i have to meet my friend maybe another time though b/c i want to see you again "ok. i was sort of inviting the both of you, but yeah, i'd enjoy working something out" we don't have too many house parties more dinner parties have you ever been to marrakesh? no it's this little morrocan restaurant down the block that a lot of kids I went to school with rave about. i've been meaning to check it out for years yea...but i'm a vegaterian :( i think a lot of their food is vegetarian or there's ethiopian out in west philly that's def veggies cool i really prefer to cook tho it's more fun :) cool hi ya hey how was your day? good good wanna run with me to the alcohol store?! :) if you like sweet...i just want a case of Ski Blue where do we go to get that? you mean Skyy vodka? no...Skyy Blue or is this a malt beverage? malt bev i have a crav'n lol best shot is prob at the liquor store on chestnut or there's one down the street from me on south the one on chestnut is bigger ok...sweet what's your address? 1308 rodman where's that again? "between South and Lombard, Broad and 13th" what's your cell again? "this time, you're going in my phone...b/c i forgot to do that last time" b/c i'm awful! and suck at life lol 267.975.8514 ok...you're officially in there :) i'll be there in afew to pick u up cool? sure sweet see u in a few I think I'm going tonight cool how was the party? good we had fun ended up going to penn afterwards what happened there? just another party do you know which one? a frat party LOL which frat? don't know I'm wondering if it was the Zeta Psi party I think they had theirs last night That's the big house on 34th and Walnut it was on 40th and Walnut ok What are you up to today? gym practice 3-6:30 Are you going to this thing tonight with a group of people? yes Do you mind if I join you? "actually, i'm not 100% sure what we're doing before we go...so i mean, it's cool if u meet us there." aight i'm gonna get some food later hottie laters hi hi again :) u wanna trade pix sure u there yup u emailing them stud didn't you get my links? no they wherent showin up http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg that didn't show up:?? now it did ur cute thanks did u get my pix yup and hehe i like them :) do u have a bf nope is that the only other pic u have http://neocyde.net/wine.jpg cute howzit going? "i can't chat man sorry, later" laters Hi hi how's ur summer break? no break for me i've graduated good for you what's up with you? "nothing much, same old" just getting ready for school when do you go back? end of this month "so, where do you work now?" in manayunk kool where's hojme? huh? you're at home right? before going to school? yup where is home? southphilly near the stadium decent i just moved into cc do you like it? i love it i'm still getting used to it "well, everything happen in cc, you won't be bore." that i am not "so, we met on g.com right?" I think so was it a while ago I think so ur name's Matt right? nope Mike yours? Erik sorry lol np where do you go to school? Drexel do you have a pic online? I don't even know what ya look like yup you? yeah http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg http://hometown.aol.com/xplash69 I remember you know right :-D "gotta go, catch you later bud" ok laters "hey, r u going to 12 air this Friday?" i hadn't planned on it why do you ask just wonder it's Asian nite on the 2nd friday of each month hot it's just different i bet. i used to live in honolulu. every night was asian night. it was great. there asian drag show.....if you into it oh wow that would be clutch you should check it out.. i've never seen one is there a cover? heheh "well, hopefully they don't scare you" you can go to 12 st gym get a free pass if not I think it's $3 or $5 not bad i've never been to 12th air really "hmmmmmm well, the show start at 12 am" "so, don't go too early" ok thanks np are you going to Shampoo tonight? "nah, dj krush on 21st and market" what's going on at shampoo? nothing really is it gay there? mixed ok sup mikey "n,m" chief howzit going ? chillion playing watching the pool tourney at the house how u? very well thanks with family for the holiday noice happy easter and to you who's holding up in the tournament? not many like 2 house teams but its the semis soon so well see how late did it go this morning? well last nite was all first rounds but tonite id say 3 am and there are a good number of people hanging out? indded harlan just got here brb k hey mikey sorry to ask but do u have any flash shaite? yup you want the program? sure k sweeet!!!!!!! you want it on disc? mm can u send it to me thru aim or no? i'm thinking the zip is on a dvd upstairs and it's the whole studio in me house? so it's like several hundred Mb LOl nah mine oh ok i'll tell you what though shoot "I'll get it sent up to your house this week, unless you do need to have it now" hold up i can probably find it quickly ur the man thanks so much yo "hey sorry i cut u off last nite, the pool tounrey was getting heated" no worries chief at all i put flash up on my site for you how did it turn out? we ddint win but the team we wanted to did and more iimportantly the st a's guys didnt ha nothing changes noice dud thanks so much whats ur site id? TRUE http://neocyde.net/Flash u need anything i can get u? i'll think about it and let you know kool aight i'm off to read enjoy your night u2 tahnks man serial #: FLD700 - 58406 - 63386 - 47902 do you know how to comment out html? in an html document? yeah <tt> maybe? i'm not sure that you can comment it out like you can in real programming languages <!-- html --> ah who knew www.utoronto.ca apparently so that's what they do in cananda what's up? what's up? i'm quietly cursing these photographs what's up with you not much working on some bullshit letter and finding out where you are with box and qrg i don't think these new photos are going to work for the box maybe the kite but not the grass how do we get others ? take more with film not a digital camera perferably in a place where the grass is alive and the leaves have been raked also without headstones would be nice probably a good idea to get more shots of hte kite too i was able to mess with it but i still don't think it works all that well how did you take shots of the kite? i didn't but jason and some kid from school hung it in the office problem is the fabric just lays there and the image quality is still bad do you have any solutions? it doesn't look like its flying i only have digicam we need a film camera and a nice day in Florida ha not florida florida is too flat seriously hto tho the first two are serious these pictures should be taken with slide film i don't know where you find green grass this time of year can we just make do? i just spoke to jason yeah i know what's up with that we're going to use what we've got now to mock up the box and then try to get new photos whenever it works out sounds good what else is new with you um.... i formatted my powerbook it's much better now that's good "very. i don't know why, but somehow it's just cleaner in my mind" no complications how was suzanne's trip? she's still there friday she returns "damn, two weeks?" nah she left friday 5:00 AM or thereabouts she's in nashville? tell her to go to the Grand Old Opry nah sorry come on! dude she'll like it she's in belize she returned from tn a while ago said the people were fready freaky yeah TRUE belize where is belize? near mexico se of mexico nearly bordering doing the same thing? no spring break with friends? yeah 19 of them all girls? 11 guys 19 girls total wait 11 guys 9 girls ah you didn't want to go? wasn't offered probably wouldn't have wanted to she didn't ask? more of a we've been friends for 4 years its our senior spring break would have been out of place i'm not worried about it at all i'm not worried about it either but i think she could have asked oh well alright... take it easy.. .talk toyou later ok dan i'll catch up with you thinking about getting a cat a stuffed cat? nah kitty kitty cat is this all of a sudden? been thinking about it then someone julian knows has a kitty you know you have to like feed it and stuff? yeah i'm aware i've been thinking about it since last night keep thinking for a week and then decide yeah i'm going to check it out todya big cat? kitten? kitten boy or girl? not sure have to find that out fixed? have to get that done but that costs like $40 boys are better than girls yeah obviously cause they aren't crazy emotional and pissy just like human s ha with the notable exception do you have carpet? very short carpet sorta like office carpet how much longer are you going to be in your place? "there,,, til like end of august" do you think it is difficult to find a cat friendly lease? my sense is now no easier for cats than dogs you can deal with the litter? sure "i mean,, just have to clean it and make sure it doesn't get nasty" i guess it's better than it used to be yeah we'll see what i think after looking at it anyway i have to meet up with this potential instructor at 5 jason just left for this meeting? do you still want to chat eh he isn't coming to this meeting ok eh i'm ok what are you up to tonight? working at the office or home? i'll probably leave in a bit yeah try and avoid rush hour there's an express bus that runs soon don't have to go through Camden "i call it the ""white people bus" ha that's funn y because it's true naturally aight i'll catch up with you later sounds good hi whattup nm wandering around in the office what's up with you? hurting you wrecked? ha got wrecked ha ahhhh with? my roomate then went to loie from taht point on jason can probably tell you better my jaw hurts oh i SEE there were scuff marks on my jacket your jaw? yeah... must have got my ass beat you were beaten? "by who, Jason?" nah who knows tho Dan! LOL are you ok? what do you mean? i'm fine are you bleeding and shit? no way funny beat or like mean beat? mollywhopped or shitkicked um drunk argument with bouncers most likely bouncers i tend to voice my beliefs when i'm drunk you remember what happened don't you nope were there any witnesses? are you at Penn? i'm sure there were yes i am jason probably saw it who knows tho i see ok where are you? at the office do you think you're dropping by today? i'm here all day what do you need "an email from Jason saying something like ""discuss one page thing on the company with Dan" ????????? no idea " please talk to dan regarding the one page on the company. " do you even know what one page he is talking about? nope well is anyone there? gonzo scott me jason is to appear at some point maybe trying to decide if i'm going to New York with Maria tonight to see Frank you want to go:? i thikn suz gets back tonight oh yeah good is she driving up to see him? maybe yeah either today or tomorrow by car or by train "sort of like a Dr, Seuss book" amtrak is so much easier than car more expensive TRUE we be broke werd "if not, there's a great party at Transit tonight that I'm going to" man... yes? i don't want to party anymore ha i wouldn't even have done anything last night if it weren't for campbell "that's it, cry it out" Campbell? Soup? roomate numbnutz gettin me all drunk and shit no... i did that ha but he's the one who introduced the idea i see and boredom led me down the path of darkness to the scuffled self we have today nah w/e chief just a sore jaw the music tonight is going to be great somebody socked you tape it for me that's out of my personal experience to be honest yeah its weird tho cause its like further back on my jaw what an idiot anyway ha ok well i'm going to be here for the duration til? at least 6 i think maybe less if nothing shows up i'll go see a movie oh.. so check this out sony is sending me money for the headphones money? they're broke yeah permanently ? guess so why don't they just send you new ones? who knwos idiots are you going to buy the same pair? of course how long has this been? i don't want to know yeah so what 4-6 weeks for the check? 2 did you yell at them? i don't have the energy ha H a i'm sick of it <sigh> now i have to buy new ones you're funny sometimes that are going to ship from J-pan where do you get them from? http://www.minidiscmall.com/cgi-bin/mdmall1/M5512.html how did you get Sony to cover it in the first place? warranty sent it to them and said.. fix it biatch lord sent them all kinds of bullshit paperwork and etc all their little hoops no headphones you know fucking assholes a rational person would take this as a sign to find different headphones or at least use different headphones with the iPod there are no other headphones that we've had since mid-January february there are many other headphones done i recall that you had two pairs ok done do you think suz would ever cheat on me? i don't know her well enough to make that call yeah i don't i'm just fucked up from previous experiences dude yes dude? that's something i understand well i choose not to repeat the experience i'm going to lose my shit if anything happend in belize ha well check it out maybe you're feeling this way just because she's been gone for a while clearly ok and because i have been cheated on before and have cheated so when she gets back i bet this goes away my first impression is that she wouldn't but really humans "you shouldn't worry about it, because it's not likely you'd find out even if she did" that probably doesn't help much great yeah sorry no worries i'm probably going to be an ass and try and dig to it don't be an ass and cause an argument etc etc i can't help it well put it this way she'll feel much worse about it if you don't say anything and just act like you trust her and if nothing happened then no harm no foul yeah silly girls that shit bothers them so much they can't live with themselves she'll crack under the pressure of non-confrontation i want to watch cable tv Sopranos? and eat miso soup what else is good for hangover sleep do you know where you left the key to the server room? i don't own that key you definitely have a copy Gonzo needs it tell gonzo he's a slut and to slap himself try the safe "Dan, Gonzo's keys are at home?" twice behind? by? tell him to slap twice in over? found it thanks jeebus i think the back of the box is done if you can believe that i'm a pathetic dependent little girl wait... did i say that out loud who me? this conversation gets archivede you know it could ruin your senatorial campaign i could give a shit dan what you need is crackrock yeah that's the ticket cures what ails ya when are you going home? crack and peanut butter sandwich um i dunno nothign to do at home except put yourself back together with what? cable tv and miso soup i don't have cable you know what i'm never buying a song from iTunes again ? "i've deleted two entire albums by accident, and you can't get them again" did you bitch at them? no i bet i could get them to give you the music ha actually seriously if anyone could i bet it's you "but no, i haven't bitched at them" it's next to impossible to get someone on the phone it might take 25 minuts ahhh there's the problem "the AppleStore does not handle the customer service for the iTMS"" even though you're buying the song from the AppleStore" or at least that's where you buy the gift certificates "are you happy with the ""Easy. Fun.""?" no not in the least i'm trying to decide what should really go on the side of hte box "You're old and ugly" sounds good "easier than growing wrinkles" "Wrinkle-free" you're on a roll possibility that i could actually come up with something 3% yeah although take the wrinkles out of computing "Wrinkle-free"" is better than ""Easy Fun" yep Burciago yes do you know how to scan slides? nope i assume you could just put a white piece of paper behind them tho it's easier than that there's a scanner specifically made for them you just pop them in and acquire them in photoshop the real question: do you have access to Addams hall? no i don't know or even Meyerson? can i get in the building? yeah yes we might scam our way in there on Wednesday alright getting the slides for the box today cool we have 962 more pages to print before the printer needs maintenance don't ask me why it's telling me this now alright are you in the office? i am who all is there'? pretty much everyone nice means nothing is getting done Ha "yeah, Roxana is here too" yeah that kills productivity i'm actually working if that means anything i'm impervious to her feminine wiles good.. i'll leave you to it then we're coming up to campus in about a half hour... who is we? Jason and I for what? to pick up the slides ahh office? yes nice how is it? clean excellent office head count "no jason, no roxana" tks np office? nope not today enjoying yourself? so far so good going out for real tonight oh shit sounds dangerous possibly concert and then who knows what danger MIT lets everyone on their network for free that's awesome useful are you in the office? nah need something? nope i just put the qrg on the ftp server nice i want a playstation for? GT3 http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=3086181809&category=62054 the new bond kicks ass too probably worth it i can't believe you just sent me a hello kitty station did you play with a steering wheel? i figured it was right up your ally i have never really used a steering wheel michael wise had one for a while with pedals i think i remember that was hooked up to a computer not gt3 if i remember correctly and what's so special about this game? its really fun what type of car? lots porches nissans hondas aston martin your choice? you have to race to win them build up money "if you place first in a race, you win a car and money" did you win>? win what the race fool for money for cars i have won lots of races i haven't played in a couple years where did we come upon it again? boredom who's got the playstation? nobody that's why i want it' when were you seized with the need to have it? saturday all of a sudden? or was there a reason ehh been thinking about it for a while you know there's a game store right next to Wendys? prolly get one used for like $130 yeah the game costs $20 new ha its the system that is 180 "buy it, take it back" Toys R Us gives you 45 days no can do well its sorta far to the nearest tys r us best buy ? that's what i'm thinking with headphones? ? hell no did you get your headphones? not yet gotta check the status did you order your headphones? yes well what's the timeframe why not ebay? http://www.iknowlitz.com/Humor/shamu.mpeg says my headphones are delivered NO really? yeah where? brb.. gotta check home ? nah penn office strike strike? no dice not there? nah weird very who shipped it? http://211.18.214.210/cgi-bin/ems-from-eng?osCsid=849aadfa79f96b18d3bf408c1fc9200b&tr_num=EI104772144JP&submit=Track see if you can see that it shipped from J pan delivered March 20 at 10:44 yeah call China "you say, ""Ni Hao"" ""where's my fucking headphones" www.audiocubes.com is the site i ordered them off of looks legit to me yeah who knows where it is in some SpectaGuard's ears http://thinkdifferentstore.com/product_info.php?products_id=263 red! naturally neoprene is better than rubber? well this is the only cover i have seen to date that has the right protection right? yeah.. it didn't take a genius what's different about it? everything but the buttons is covered right other covers don't have the screen covered or offer some hard plastic cover that fits in the rubber which i don't like aight we're heading over to the museum what are you up to today? who? me and jeffrey awesome have fun i'm just workin i have no energy tho from the weekend ? last night was long harassing the bartenders at loie again? not quite roosevelts no harassing ahh harassing miller lite with Roxana? no thank god taht would have been harassing tequila ha alright... go be the day or whatever i'll hold the net down laters peace headphones are here got them yesterday used ipod today is it all that you imagined? suz thinks that i should get the leather case for the ipod as do i really? "remember, gucci?" ahhh yes so now it sounds like you want it to? i have to browse for the best one somebody makes a skijacket with a build in hholder http://www.anetagenova.com/index2.html good lord meh http://www.powerdesignusa.com/ with the lone star? i like the carbon is it really carbon? no way guess who's desk i'm at> George bush i have the codes in my hands uh huh frank's crazy how's he http://www.vajacases.com/home_en.html he's very well good... tell him i said hello http://www.vajacases.com/vaja/catalogo.nsf/htmlmedia/ivod3g_comb/$file/cwhite_red.jpg better rubber? leather i like the fact that they give you the pantone color you should choose it on principle and it has all the necessary features slim(mer) covers screen and all of ipod necessary hi dan what's up howzit going good you? well recovering i'm behind in my work do you know what's going on at the office? "at the moment, no" are you asking about anything specific? nope i guess scott finished the program? never finished did he come up with a version good enough to ship? that's always negotiable as well you'd have to speak with him for the latest i know we are in the process of re-defining the way features are spec'd out ok and that i have a programmer coming in tomorrow to discuss work whoa do you know if Beryl's people came up with a box they liked? i do not did you know they were going to try? nope you'd have to speak with jason something about putting children's faces on the kite i called jason i'm going to try to find a mouse today mikey mikey dan do you have the graphic for the help button i'm sure i do "the one that says ""help" in idle state you want me to find it? if you could scott doesn't have it at this point are you with him? yse yes i left him a message earlier... i need to speak with him about that whole issue in general want me to call you? and hand you off to him sure thanks # 8568456586 Let me know when you are ready to talk ok shoot i assume you are working on the 3rd states for scott? yup ok.... that's good I'm not sure if scott explained all he needs as i understand it... "he needs the 3rd states.... including the 2 states for the new ""help"" button" yup "also.... a ""more"" button for the Learning bar (3 states)" k ETA? "end of day today into tomorrow, depending on whether jason calls about other stuff" such as? the box "as far as I know, he shouldn't be calling you,,, I should be your contact from now on........" ha i know i know i know i can't stop trying to do it right tho and i had a meeting with those three i think it finally made sense "they keep complaining about lag time this,,, lag time that... and i laid it out for them" OR-GAN-I-ZA-TION esp in terms of contracting out programming... we need to have plans of attack anyway "not to throw a wrench in the works, but.. i get more done when jason directs what i'm doing, because by the end of our conversations what and when is very clear to both of us, and he's less likely to change it down the line" many points related to that fact when did you have this meeting? i forget which day exactly earlier this week i believe... maybe end of last week "for whatever reason, there's much less confusion when jason is the only person supervising my work. we've been doing this long enough for me to guage that, but if we're going back to a different way of doing it, then i need to know exactly where to get my answers from" right... proceed as is for now then... I'll update you later "i see your point, and i don't want to change things until i am more confident that the new method will work at least as well" which entails a follow-up conversation with Jason right i have a request shoot dvd cover.... yes? obviously i just talked to sameer... i know that the version you have right now is 100mb is it possible to create a smaller version so we can print there should be one on a disc at the office the file size itself won't get much smaller we also need the email screenshot replaced that whole project is about 3rd on my list how was the disc labeleed no idea nevermind i found some already printed sorry to bother ok I'd like to speak with you and jason... when can you come into the office next? probably tomorrow "alright, i have a meeting here at 3" k so.... if you could be here tomorrow afternoon so we could meet before or after that time k sweet headphones came in the other day right been using the iPod FINALLY you like it? oh yeah all i knew it to be great nice to have my own theme music while in transit now ha have you seen that episode of family guy? nope what is it? peter is granted 3 wishes or something like that... one of them is his own theme music hA "so he whenever he moves, etc... he has different songs that play" images of him skipping with shopping bags.... on the bus... etc... that's funny hilarious.... brb i just bought this: "http://www.logitech.com/index.cfm/products/details/US/EN,CRID=3,CONTENTID=7110" nice who's in charge of paying us these days? me/jason/scott ok something to talk about tomorrow ok i think there's a check from last week that i need to pick up be back in a bit.. have to go pick up a computer right ok a $100 mouse? a $100 wireless mouse man that's some craziness no wires it's a magic mouse haah i got it paired up with my powerbook and it's rechargable via the blue tooth? yup wow what do you hook up to the computer? nothing built in so you never have to charge it you just use it and its all good? it's got a docking station to charge it with but the charge lasts for ~ 3 days ahhh ok i thought it would magically charge too now that would be hot i would pay $200 for that fur real see you tomorrow i'm outta here laters in office/ ? yup awesome you know that printer's that we went to to look for paper? yes ? 6 fire trucks burnt ? upstairs was crazy i'm guessing downstairs was dowsed that sucks eh can anyone say insurance? where are you? in bed just woke up ok i'll talk to you after you have got yourself together the ftp server is still down yeah everything is down except simplec do they have an internet connection in the office? i can put the buttons on my ftp in the meantime www.smilingscreens.com does that work? no yes. put them on your ftp gonzo is emailing us all with instructions for the simplec ftp weird it looks like my server is down too ok so what's up "well, hopefully by the end of the day one of them will be working... i think the simplec ftp is working, i just don't have the instructions yet" you are finished with the 3rd states? yes it took me like an extra 14 hours over the weekend so i didn't get to anything else on the list hte QRG - Jason said that he had mocked up some changes to the alarm section on a copy of the QRG at your place and left it with you there and i told him that those changes were only one page and he needed to come up with more when are you in the office next i haven't thought about it really "alright, well i think it would be best if we could work on it in person" "or i can pick up a copy of the QRG this afternoon, look it over and tell you from there" ok i just don't have one in front of me to reference at the moment it was something like he wanted to explain the four kinds of circles in the calendar blah blah something or other yeah i know exactly what should be there i just don't have a copy to reference space and what not "so, table that for now... I'll have to get back to you on that one" ok next on the list is the Brocure brochure the blue one right but not change it as you like ok "main point is, new screenshot" as soon as possible are you sure the dvd cover isn't the next on the list? same time both the brochure and dvd cover go out in mailings that need to be sent asap they both need new screenshots right so you can put them next to each other on the list ok it should be fairly simple to do Jason did not get you a copy of the Beginner's manual ? good "not that i know of, but as of this morning my mail server is down" right.. you can use smilingscreens.com/email instead of www.smilingscreens.com/email it is slow as shit tho k to be fixed this afternoon when gonzo has access to scott's place to bypass the crappy wireless router our server is on a wireless router? exactly exactly it took a genius to tell gonzo to bypass that shit and just plug the dsl into the server me being the genius anyway <sigh> "yes mikey, i know" ok so brochure and dvd thing today let me know when you have them done ok what is your estimate i think i'm going to redo them in InDesign probably end of the day as long as they are printable from the office sur ee I plan on having the QRG and Beginner's manual for you by the end of the day ok have you seen the organizational video? this is the one that adam did? yes i have a copy of it here but i haven't watched it ok we are going to need a cd label for that as well a cd label? (we are going to burn it to cd) so we can send to people to watch on their computers via WMA a fancy label or a black and white label time difference ? like an hour vs 3 MAYBE on the outside we'll make that decision when we come to it on the list unless you need to plan it now nah alright... so for now... brochure and dvd label...... coming next should be QRG and Beginners.... video cd label last do you need anything from me ? do you know which brochure had the misspelled words? did we fix that already i believe that was fixed in the blue version i'm checking now shit taking too long i've got them on here i'm nearly positive that the blue one was after i revised i can look ok well that was a while ago "http://www.wired.com/news/games/0,2101,62826,00.html" jeeeezzzusss exactly idiots and someone is getting paid by these idiots actual money for nothing $10000 in one month yeah so we have no excuse different idiots matters not business is business we need different idiots "alright,,, i'm off to the office" talk to you in about 30 for some reason ????????? the quotes don't fit on the brochure in indesign great more software compatibility issues um i'll figure it out alright talk to you i a bit i know why the size is only 10 pt ok laters ah laters do you have jason's proposed edits to the qrg ? possibly they went with to boston "i would appreciate it if you could find them, as i would like to have an idea as to what he proposed" "if not, that's fine too" i can make it up i'll go upstairs and check thanks i think they got tossed yesterday "oh, and like a dumbass, i just imported that cd of music you gave me... i didn't save it ot my hd" alright i'lll work with what i got "so, itunes has the list of songs, just no songs to reference" awesome yeah i'm an idiot anyway... i'll have to catch up with that when i see you next i need new music i also need to go through all my music and clean it again basically i got rid of all of my music and stole everyone elses so i can find what i like of theirs and start over damn "alriught,, i have to shut down to install simplec" talk to you in a sec k "alright, i have an idea for the date shit" whenever you are ready ? I'm looking at pages 31-33 with me? just 32 and 33 31 stays absolutely correct so... "on 31, section off into Intermediate and Advanced" Alarm is in Intermediate Recurrence is in Advanced k description of each next to the button images 33... zoom in on one date within DATE for? "on this particular date, you will have one each of the four types of items (regular circle for a regular entry, clock for alarm entry, clockwise arrow for recurrence, and clock and cockwise arrow for an alarm with a recurrence)" that's all fine except for the part of blowing the day up you can show each as an example without the screenshot because in this particular case the screenshot will look awful excellent just as long as it is clear that they are entries in a date and not just the buttons maybe have sample text next to them will that work? sure send me the text ok working on that now ready for some text? i'm not going to get to it until tomorrow at least but you're welcome to send it "i think i want to get rid of the ""side bar"" and ""top bar"" parts of the inside of the brochure" and replace them with what blank space get rid of the side bar and top bar images ? or text ? text how will you make up for their absense ce what do you mean? now that i look at it the information is awkward we display descriptions or details for the six applications "aside from that, only help and email" it doesn't lay out well the way it is alright.. do one copy with text as is do one laid out how you see fit easy enough? no that doesn't solve my problem because i still have to find a way to lay it out with the text the way it is if i could find a way to do it you can't just use a new screenshot? then there's no need to get rid of it and leave everything else the same ? no everything is conforming to one style the box the qrg this and teh dvd cover that's why this is taking all day i have the outside finished and the inside is mostly finished of the brochure? except for this one problem yes you are still using a full page screenshot yes? yes do some quick mock ups and let me preview does that help at all? not really forget it i'll figure something out the problem with taht is that you may cut something that shoujldn't be cut i'm not going to cut anything ok I don't mind working on the text if you need it shorter in places let me know if i can help k thanks "i know that doesn't help you for shit.... but i don't have a good idea at present.... one that would preserve the brochure noting all six apps, and highlighting teh other important features" it's fine i think i've got something ok "ok, i'm not fooling with it anymore today" alright what about the dvd label? the label for which? the dvd case that's what i'll look at next "ok, so you are working on brochure and dvd case label now?" basically and they will be done when? they'll be ready to print and look at maybe tomorrow the brochure is ready for a print i haven't started the dvd cover yet "alright, i assume the brochure is too big to transfer/" ? I need to print both and send out end of day tomorrow at latest use what we have there should be many copies already printed the point is I am waiting for new ones before I send out they have old screen shots did you receive gonzo's email re: ftp? "i got one about the email, but nothing about the ftp" "Please remove any materials that you might have saved in the gambit design ftp site. As a replacement, use the www.simplec.com as your ftp server, i.e. follow the instructions that I previously sent out but use www.simplec.com instead of www.smilingscreens.com." l k do you have the instructions??? else I will have gonzo forward them to you please do is there anything else you need from gonzo i'm drafting an email now not that i'm aware of ok you should have the FTP instructions shortly great are you in the office today? no will you have time to speak on the phone sometime this afternoon? yes excellent need anything further from me? still working on brochure and dvd label? just the dvd cover and what about your business cards? i saw the ones on tutos they are useless old w/ old info outdated but not useless well i couldn't modify them they could have been changed easily in an emergency you are correct i could have replaced all the text I'm less worried about that to tell you the truth.... I'm going to set up a secure storage area to store physical media k and I'm going to get together all of our printed materials and i'll probably need your help with some of it k but i'm going to put together a comprehensive resource for SSI materials all printable from the office "that way, when someone asks 1.5 hrs before they leave, i can use one finger to point and say, ""there it is" I didn't have the time to sit and modify the bcards i asked him two weeks ago if he needed any yeah i'm sure i did too "at this point, it doesn't matter, i have my solution to all these sorts of problems" and i will be working on it this afternoon its all part of my quest for actually organizing ssi how fast is your connection from home? dsl whatever that is when are you in the office next? end of the week does your powerbook support cdrw's? yes awesome.. "I want to get everything we have off Tutos and your powerbook and anywhere else it may reside, and put the most recent versions of each item on CD" k "as they change, replace them, archiving the old" so i guess CDRW is irrelevent.... but you get the idea yes any way to view the new brochure? yes i'm excited for new colors what did you find out about InBooklet? it's $100 and it allows you to do lots of shit serial #? that i was unable to find actually what version are you working with? 3 damnit yeah i found the 2.1.2 as did i let me get my laptop up I like it a lot i like it better the method you use to highlight sections is growing on me i think it work really well inside the screenshot for now it does those old people look really really corny they scare me the guy looks like a manatee brb k I am away from my computer right now. back k How long is Jason gone for? should be back tomorrow hwy i think anwyay why "we talked about replacing the screenshot on the dvd cover with the one we used on the box, and i'm wondering how much of the text he wants to pull over with it" is there a box sample in the office? only if jason brought it back from his meeting can I otherwise see what you are referencing? yes but i've already changed it it's done then yes brochure and dvd case are done no we need a temporary alternative to the solitaire screenshot that's on the back of dvd cover to serve until scott has had a change to put in the three button states ok i'mat th eoffice now let me have a look at the current shot "i'm going to say the web, because it's the easiest to reproduce" with what website ??? ours eh i wouldn't do that ha cause it will change well you know??!!?? it's only temporary anyway i don't think it will look good in its current state you can do whatever you see fit what are you speaking of? dvd case what don't you think will look good the simplec website i picked something else but why not because the buttons that currently reside on the index page are fucked up ah i'm in the process of getting that shit fixed its all screwed up no more changes to that website before they are reviewed i gave gonzo new buttons weeks ago none of this has anything to do wit hyou yeah he changed them but the way they fit on the page he didn't use the right buttons and changes like these are supposed to be cleared by me before they go live because you're right now that i'm looking at this it looks like shit so WHY esp if you minimize horizontally wasn't i asked about this right this is all why i am stepping in i don't know who cleared those buttons i know i came in one day and they were there alright i just told gonzo to always put such changes on a non-live location regardless of who suggests them "and that they must be reviewed by all, esp you, before putting them up live" who suggested to them sameer and jason i want a name and address you know where you can find both that site is a motherfucking disaster right now "ok, what do you suggest" from this point gonzo is working on changes as we speak take what's there OFF until we come up with an agreeable solution and put what up/ ? nothing better nothing than something awful i gave him those fucking buttons WEEKS ago there were supposed to be three Not five he has three sizes to choose from there are four he knows *exactly* the way they were supposed to show up alright here's the deal i'm going to have him take down all the buttons why is it that we have a menu at the top AND buttons at the bottom anyway irght buttons gone in a few min can I call you? yes 8xx xxx xxxx 8568456586 www.simplec.com/indextest.php "better layout, wrong buttons" ok what buttons do you suggest he has the buttons i want gonzo said he is aware of the black buttons the on overs and the corresponding mouseoffs is that what you wanted? they're all together they're different than what's there do then have the simplec logo on them? no "ok, so gonzo has the states" yes but the text needs to be put on all the buttons fine he does that white buttons red text mouseoff black buttons white text mouseover he does not have the same font as used in the menu is the text font that is on the buttons currently ok? yes its arial no the whole site should be... wait for it.. what gzo used for those buttons is arial ok "the understanding here is that all text that is actually an image,, (menu, buttons, logo, etc) should be the optima or whatever font it is that you used" "and that the text that is just text,,, is arial" no ok advise the entire site all text should be helvetica the text in the menu is optima the text over the buttons he uses here should be verdana ok "as far as i know, he rewrote all of the buttons with text overlays" they are now all images if not verdana then helvetica if not that geneva if not that arial that's the way the stylesheet was originally written when i gave it to him if there are going to be four buttons they need to be spaced a little farther from the text and each other good point i don't like them center aligned but without descriptions they won't work that well left aligned i still don't understand the use of buttons instead of the menu really i don't understand the use of buttons when text will work just find fine as it does in the rest of the site REALLY i just want to redo the whole fucking thing the dvd cover is done ok fuck it tell gonzo to get rid of the buttons and make them text links like everything else if they want more prominence then put it in the fucking menu these buttons suck my cock the user site is supposed to use those same buttons by the way right but i'm not worried if he hasn't had time to change them right the objective was "to add the ""showcasing"" of simplec functionality" "in particular, the email function" "so that visitors could ""preview"" simpleC" fine whatever i'm not sure how you would put the email demo in the menu text works just as well "maybe a ""DEMO"" section" "and a ""TOUR"" section" we used to have a demo section both menu items i know red text with descriptions or menu items you pick no buttons until this can be revisited ok in the right way done i'll make a decision between the two "if i do text with descriptions, do you want a vertical list ?" yes in exactly the same way as the trial page "One Page SimpleC Tour blah blah blah blah blahblahjb lakhblakj blkaj SimpleC Email blah lbhalbk halkhb lakj blkaj;lkbj a;lk TITLE lakjb;lakj;xlkbajs;ldkjsal;ksjd" next to each other in a table yes i see speaking of which that page needs to be fixed to SIMPLEC EMAIL blah blah blahb albha lbahl b what is wrong with that page? "the ""*10 day Trial Version"" looks lost" ok advise smaller text not bolded same area? fuck that or move it closer just put it at the top with the rest of the text Try SimpleC free for 10 days whatever below the download links "ok, smaller, no bold, below download links" or have a couple sentences explaining the links the asterix is ludicrous with as little text as it applies to do you see what i'm saying? yes.... make it look like the contact page so just put that detail in the description fine right? yes "fuck it,, i'll just make it exactly like the contact pagde" page yeah ? still in a table bold headline then links next to descriptions right enough of this same format for the index page crap yes sweet enough of this thanks for going over it with me so do you want the brochure and the dvd cover yes please how many people are you going to try to send them to today? i only have two myself.... but jason has many... i don't know exactly how many he is back here tonight would you send them today if i gave them to you or would you wait until tomorrow "i would send to my contacts today, but I CAN wait until tomorrow if that is better" "you can send two copies, but i want to print them out and look at them myself before we send any more than that" he never sent me the beginners manual "ok,, here's teh deal, I have these two facilities that I would like to send this information to as soon as I can... people I talked to last week.... I can wait for you to make sure that these are ""kosher"" if you can do so early tomorrow" "yeah, i'm thinking about coming in tomorrow" that would be super depends on the rain we could all get wriled up and wrestle but right now it should be fine in lieu of beginners manual QRG? done wait not done hehe why not i was going to ask you if that alarm info fit correctly i haven't looked at it ok... the descriptions for the alarm and recurrence button can lose some of the description if need be let me know when you have looked at it. I'm sure you'll have some better suggestions than what i gave you k' does scott know that the buttons are posted? "when you are in tomorrow, we will have all the resources I need to yes" yes he does "when you are in tomorrow, we will have all the resources I need to compile a comprehensive list of printed resources on CD?" you'll have everything that's in the state it's in on my computer perfect only the first sentence of the button descriptions are useful where? the stuff you wrote up for alarm right chop it zamer added more it's still only a page even if you do examples for the clock clock wise arrow and etc? yes you know what i say? i bet you can guess fuck it? fuck it it's fine alarms are more useful than recurrence at least at a beginner level it's fine if we did a page on alarm and a page on recurrence? won't fit in such a way that it follows the rest of the guide we don't go over searching or spell check either http://www.simplec.com/indextest.php refresh move the NO PREVIOUS COMPUTER EXPERIENCE up with the line of text it reads off and it's fine much much much better don't you think? dude... those fucking buttons were pissing me off from day one when they were all mis aligned and shit its SIMPLE i just talked to jason a while ago and i chose to piss him off by telling him i had taken all the buttons off completely ha he got himself worked up for a minute "i want those buttons, i want that functionality.. something is better than nothing... wah wah wah" yo i'm more than willing to have that discussion I took a shot for you.... making the point of reviewing the crap before putting it up thanks dude... its proper procedure anyway.... i'll work with gonzo to make the changes k thanks for the input you may want to reorder the list to put the tours together but whatever it looks find right fine "no, i agree" that was gzo's first cut tours first or last? what order would you put them in? email first tours last why not "Email, Tutorial, One Page, Detailed" yes right i talked to Seth a few minutes ago yeah? how's he? well moving to a house i hope have you and maria scheduled a trip? maria can't go i'm going to hook it up after i get my tax return speaking of which you need to fill me in on used motorcycles japanese honda? before we get into that... on the trial page yes? SimpleC Download 33MB // Requires Windows Media Player 9 & Internet Explorer 6 // 10 day trial or just use periords periods or "Try our 10 trial version of SimpleC for FREE!" and leave the desc as is werd how much are you looking to spend on a bike? less than $1500 used I know nothing about used bikes what to look for mechanically how big of a damned engine for the interstate the number of miles blah blah you know what's cool ? my mouse is upstairs and i'm still getting a signal Try our 10 trial version of SimpleC for FREE! tri tri great too much tri tri our 10 day trial Enjoy so simple yet so right ha http://www.simplec.com/trial.php great much better right? the other thing i have a question about when you are on any page other than the index page mmhm how do you get back to the index page? click on the SimpleC I.... I... I know that but does the average idiot? magic "you can put a ""home"" in the menu if you like" clicking heals? of course it's the Judy Garland effect favored by all web designers implemented by only the best asshat is there a better word for home? Page 1 home is pretty standard Main Page ? w/e "ok. ok, ok,, i'm just fucking with you.... can you send gzo a ""home |"" image?" and where should it go? on the left 1st ? last? first "ok,,, gzo be puttin it in as soon as you get him or me... we... an image" emailed to gonzo does he need the divider included in the image? yes sent again i want an xbox no ps2? xbox is cheaper and it has a hard drive so no waiting for loading games yeah yeah... wise was trying to enlighten me to those facts teh other day you can also get on the internet with out an add on component oh yeah? i want an xbox NOW eh i'm gettin a ps2 TONIGHT in three weeks it will be $150 why? sony will def match the price xbox will be 150 in 3wks?\ xbox was priced at $150 two days ago ahh i see what you are saying who is it in the office that has their own number? scott what's his number? why i'm changing the business cards 215.545.1905 office: 545.4601 fax 545.4603? yes\ who gets cards? "zamer, me, scott, roxana, sameer, you," gzo are you asking about which people should have them available to print? ye s as in for whom you should make templates ok oh.. adam leon do you need any information for any of those people? yes what? adam leon same contact info as everyone adam@smilingscreens.com "for the QRG, can we just use that one page of alarm stuff and add a page elsewhere?" problematic shifts the pages to opposite sides cell phone for adam> ? 917 593 4516 who's going to cut this shit? Adam's title? VP PR each person can cut their own haha the problem is that we cannot have a printer cut it in a machine because our printer doesn't print consistently mmhm have we tried? no should i be telling david what we're up to? peck? yes he does not work with us anymore right well he's asking you can tell him to eat shit for all i care just kidding what is he asking "him - how is stuff at smiling screens? me - business as usual him - cool me - anything big on the horizon him - not my business to know" wait reverse the last two right eh seems harmless i wouldn't worry about it unless you start giving away company secrets hahah what's considered a secret these days? what time sameer gets up inthe morning lol you know damned well that i ignore sameer i'm quite aware "well, i think its easy to assume taht you would only know what you are doing in the graphics arena" it's a creative way of interpreting my contract right and I don't think that anything you would divulge in terms of that could be damaging to the company #1 "i'm a leary SOB, i would probably be very terse with him" peck knows that i don't like him so why is he asking ME right that's why i wouldn't tell him shit he's gone fuck him weird kid yeah quitter ha he quit? or we fired? eh dissolved "we agreed to break up" hahaha god alright back to QRG yes? leave it be seriously that's unnecessary drama right there "so, the first page of DATE is a date screenshot with the alarm and recurrence button at the bottom" um no t that i know o f i was thinking then we could have one page section on alarm and recurrence and a one page section of appointment descriptions page 31 step one is a shot of the DATE button step 2 is a fullscreen shot of DATE yeah "so, i was thikning that 32 or 33 would be the alarm and recurrence section... and the other page the appointment types section" all of that will fit on one page given the size of everything else in the guide can we spread it over two?> or 1.5 add in the bar that the buttons are on and add a shot of the date that the appointments would be in i dunno... just trying to think i just want it finished it's finished and it has to include recurrences nah plus my copy of inbooklet expired so if you want to change it you have to buy the thing alrighty then.. what you crankin on now replacing the business cards on tutos ok label for the video cd mmh m "Bcards Doc Templates (fax, memos, etc) Brochure DVD case label CD labels (trial, full version) Video CD label VHS label QRG Beginner Manual Order Forms Letters (to organizations, individuals, etc)" that's my list for printed materials i want on cds in the office and on tutos FYI "not done: CD labels, Video CD label, VHS Label, Beginners Manual, Order Forms" ok http://www.theregister.co.uk/content/5/36649.html yeah i saw that coming fuckem... i'm on my bike most of the time it's a good point tho shit i've thought about bustin somebody esp those helpless lil kids walkin around with those idiotic painful headphones that come with the ipod at least mine don't cause me PAIN but they're still white you gonna mug me? bring it bithc lol ha over my dead body "alright,,, well, i think we at least got a few things done today" the QRG is going to cause jason to bitch jason can eat me slowly is there no way to edit it without inbooklet ? um i'm going to say no i think its pretty fucked up to have alarm and not recurrence recurrence exists somewhere it's just 6 pages 6 pages what? 6 pages to explain how to make a recurrence in the same way that everything else is explained and again we don't have spell check or search it's supposed to be a quick guide not a damned manual in light of that..... don't explain how to set an alarem just show the button say what it does same thing with recurrence and then explain the appointment icons and that's one page leave the other fucker black blank or orange or stretch it put another screen shot it i don't care see if scott wants to buy that program inBooklet? yes fuck there has to be a way around it other software or something there's one alternative you know how tight we are that doesn't work as well alright lemme ask i feel like i'm asking my dad for a playstation ask for that too he'll give in on the software leave the booklet as it is until further notice we'll leave it up to jason i agree with you.. that its a qrg not an indepth explanation tabled for now i found it for $50 http://www.adobe.com/store/products/plugIn.jhtml?id=catPlugins_Adbe_IDSN_PMKR we're going to need it if we are to make any changes pretty much and for anything else we do like this right buy it actually when you come in tomorrow we will buy it ok solved i have to write up the description for those four things on teh index page mmhm "ok, so once you are done with the bcards..." the next thing would be video cd label done with the bcards ok then any of the items you said were not yet done how is it getting packaged cd label packaged? what's it being sent in/with when ? this week? in general you mean the video cd specifically how it is being packageed right i would assume in a clear sleeve jobby with what else? does it go in the box? specifically no is it going to be shipped with the software? this is for organizations yes it will be but that software will be in dvd cases better to have the labels be distinct we wouldn't ship retail boxes to senior facilities "right.... sorta like... ""look at our cool video.... we're so special" "you know you want to be a part of this.." brb k do you think i could ride a bike to Tennessee? motorcycle? no YES i didn't know if you meant a 10 speed ;) yeah why couldn't you ride a bike to TN? hook my ass up with a satellite phone lol i dunno cuz it's a 1000 miles there an back 500 one way? 560 something like that you'd ahve to take 4 breaks 4 sets of breaks? one way trip to TN would require at least 4 rest stops OH yeah or kittycrack i mean just physcially getting the bike there you don't want to be on a bike for more than an hour usually so i can register it well shit it takes 10 hours "ah, you mean without plates?" or a license probably would still have plates you have to work pretty hard to get pulled over on a bike usually "like,,, go 120 or something" cops just don't want the risk but it's possible to ride that far without having to mess with the mechanics "depending on the bike,, yes" what kind of bike would it tkae? just one in decent shape fuel injected bikes are far more reliable more expensive..... too what about a 1991 Honda Nighthawk 250cc? not fuel injected shit http://philadelphia.craigslist.org/mcy/27492379.html how much did you want to spend? less than that if possible really i want something that will get me to philly and back during the summer and i can't deal with a car bikes are very dangerous and i like you being alive therefore i don't recommend dammit segways don't go far enough haha but they are really cool i saw one at the 76ers game the other night that stupid bunny came out on it Ha and was shooting tshirts with a gun that segway was movin yeah? oh yeah it was cool i just sat there and stared at it i'd get to the middle of the bridge and need to charge it yeah that would suck how many miles? hmmmm less than 20 get a road bike Please a rickshaw and an immigrant maybe http://cgi.ebay.com/ebaymotors/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&category=10062&item=2468548811 wicked see that's the goal but fuck if i've ever touched a motorcycle before yeah they are very problematic i want it why are the fuel injectors better? because carbeurators suck ass "they rely on atmospheric pressure and ""float"" bubbles, etc" fuel injectors are electronic and consistent this is to get the thing started? this is what delivers the fuel into the combustion chamber so what's like the basic bike that has this? they are too expensive for you forget it ok so what should i look at instead an immigrant with a large backpack LOL stop i don't kno wwhy i just found that so funny i do asshat just ignore the fact that i'm a questionable driver for the moment and pick one honda's right suzukis k yamaha even any particular model? but it will be a bitch what will "for you, i would recommend something 250cc" "the carbeurators, etc" k you'djust have to get it checked out before taking a long trip 250cc bikes are smaller and will be the most likely to give you the foot reach you need and less weight to hold up right ok... i'm going to see if i can make a deal for a playstation i need something on the small side i'll be back in a few minutes a deal where ? at game champ good luck a small store on 16th and chestnut get it for less than $130 not possible shite i am lucky to get the station an extra controller and the game i want for 180 tell them it has to be less than $150 i'm def going to mention the xbox going down in price fucking you might as well wait if it isn't alright...we'll see brb k crap closed? nah well yeah negotiations closed what ha did you call? no i walked over there nothing? nussing bitches how much was it>? 180 20 for the game 24 for the extra controller 180 plus 20 plus 24? 180 for the ps2 20 for GT3 FUCK that shit that's what it costs NEW yweah that's what i was buying numbnuts Why do you want a new one? don't want to mess with used lasers the don't have like a year warranty or some shit? ebay sucks i can't find what i want the Yamahas look like dirt bikes yeah i looked most of them were meh can you test something for me? sure http://www.sfs.upenn.edu/seo/php4/suplogin.php4 let me know when you are there now what i am going to give you login information rocarri2@mail.med.upenn.edu is the login Stefan is the pass let me know if you get in kj i'm in ok thanks that's all np is anyone new in the office? "no, but i spoke to Sameer" and? "who said ""20 minutes"" 20 minutes ago" ok anything i can help you with at the moment? nah i think i'm good but thanks cool is sameer there? yes ha call now or forever hold your peace about? hell if i know thenwhat the hell are you saying it for did someone else say it? comic relief ahh speaking of did he see his lineage? jason did i didn't see the reaction what did he say ahh what's shakin? "not much, it's really fucking nice outside" yeah it is are you at home? i am nice are you working? a bit on? "qrg, labels, box" sweet and jason sent me the first seven pages of the beginners manual right good what's up with you bored want to leave work boss is a putz at penn? "you know, the usual" yeah i want to go buy a playstation and play it all day "hey, at least you get paid" HA or ride my bike or both what time are you goign to elave? i need someone with a car to drive me to best buy i dunno.. maybe 4 is best buy cheaper? call Maria "i don't know about cheaper, but I think i'd be a little more comfortable buying from them" dont' they sell it at KMart? probably "dude, you could buy it there, play it for three months and take it back no questions asked" at kmart? yeah 30 day return mah they're not supposed to ask you any questions i know but it's 30 days not 3 months its so cool tho the console itself does not fall in the exceptions list only the games basically the only thing you can't return to kmart is media unopened media you can right but i've definitely returned things months later i guess it's easier in the suburbs have you returned gaming systems? definitely I returned a GameCube and an N64 opened? played for months that is hot i'm going to get a ps2 today ha i'm serious do it DO it do you think it is easier in cash or credit cash the entire purchase and return process why is cash better? quicker hot city that means i can take back the memory card too yup the packaging is a little tricky steam i think it comes in plastic http://www.kmart.com/product/index.jsp?productId=1185665&cp=784867.784878.824576.824592&page=2&pageBucket=0&parentPage=family you're right do you have any new things to show me? i put the cd labels on the ftp site i've really liked all the stuff you've done recently how do i get to that? is it easy or should i see instructions www.simplec.com user smilescreen pass 895Ks729 labelcdtemplate? yes the other two as well? yes hey hey hey what's up nada gettin excited for ps2 when are you getting it? have you seen the beginners manual? eh briefly whats up i seem to recall him saying that we didn't need illustrations to go with the text but i could be making that up for purposes of convenience because the text could definitely use illustrations really i'm wondering what he wants me to do with it i also got the impression that we were not going to do graphics on that manual k fine better for me but diagrams would probably help in the long run i agree so i laid out the qrg alarm thing and it's only a page sounds good? not good i know i was hoping can you send me that one page? there isn't a whole lot explaining that the appointment icons appear in each date do you really think there needs to be? to fill space.... yes that seems obvious to me plus right.. but i think it would be clearer to a novice if you showed them an example of where those icons appear they appear where they appear i don't know how you quantify thatt beyond what's there and anyway put a screen shot of the icons IN a date ok well or is that completely ridiculous i guess we'll wait until scott is finished i honestly don't give a shit what does it have to do with scott being finished? screenshot nevermind I don't care either i like the way you have it now the current problem is that blank page and that's all i can think of to fill it without losing functionality or being ridiculously redundant what's up partner not much lucky luke ha did you find your PS2? i don't even want to talk about it for now HA ok anyway whatcha doin seein if you got gzo's email about? asking you if you are completely off the gambitdesign ftp no but yes you are we talked about it yesterday you and gzo? wednesday yes alright don't worry about responding to his email ok i'm goign to tell him to kill it right now i didn't get it what are you workin on? beginners manual but i'm pretty close to being done with what he gave me sounds good what was the password to the simplec ftp? 895Ks729 nice thanks do you know where the three stooges are? not the foggiest what do you need? gonzo and i want to get paid actually are you in the office? it's not a big deal for me yes but it would save me the hassle of coming back into the city right what time are you there until? until it becomes apparent that no one else is showing up and i run out of things to do I will be there around 5 ok and if you guys don't have checks by then i'll get them to you great thanks and then we can go buy a PS2 "i don't want you guys to have to deal with late checks, ever" i'm sick of that shit well hey that makes two of us iknow "ok, so the ps2" you went i went to Kmart after work and? i asked she pointed no ps2 fuck "oh, someone must have bought the last one" :( you bitch that's cuz they know they can take that shit back best buy's return policy is deceptive and stupid yeah so i'm left waiting until ghettomart gets another ps2 shipment ha did they have any idea when that was? no right they get shipments daily but don't know when a ps2 will be on those shipments fucking brilliant naturalkly you know we live in the fourth largest city in the United States "wait,, youare in the office?" I find it hard to believe there are no acceptable places to buy what is a pretty common consumable yes walk over to gzo and tell him to kill gambitdesign in the office he disappeared but i'll tell him alright i emailed him tooo "yeah, i agree with you about the fourth largest city shit" i forgot my mouse what is there left to do you have everything up to date? all printed materials? i think so box? yeah i forgot my mouse you have a final mock-up of the box ready to be presented ? no so you are saying that you can't work on anything without your mouse? i can just hopefully not the box the box right now is a problem why depth perception lots of reason s but the old fuckers in the background the kite inthe fore i don't know what to tell you.... it's really not that simple the kite was supposed to be the centerpiece yeah that's a problem too "if the concept is impossible, then we need to switch to a new one as soon as possible" "probably not impossible, but it needs to cook in the back of my head for a while" "the only idea i would have would be putting SimpleC in the upper left, the kite in the fore upper right with string to the people or chair in the lower left background, and whatever wording in the lower right" that's the idea but the angle at which your eye sees the kite in relation to the grass in relation to the chair in relation to the people (if there are even people) is precise and difficult to achieve gotcha the cd label is too red can we inverse that? yeah i thought it might be we can but it's going to look exactly like the video cd "did jason not say to have the video cd read ""SimpleC Smiling Screens Case Study""??" "just curious because in the video it says ""Smiling Screens Case Study" it says SimpleC Case study in the video? i haven't seen the video that's what i'm referring to in the video it says Smiling Screens Case Study would he rather use the Smiling Screens logo? no then as far as I'm concerned it's SimpleC i think it is important to tie it to simplec what do you think that's what i think i think that if we're going to tie in Smiling Screens then we need to talk about how they relate to each other because the idea is that we are/will send this video along with all other SimpleC materials to an assisted living or other senior care facility we've never done that before what i really thing think is that the video is mistitled because up to now how SimpleC and Smiling Screens relate to each other? "we were minimizing ""Smiling Screens"" right out of the picture" well put it this way the only way it makes sense to me is that Smiling Screens is the company that produces simplec "the SimpleC logo never gets associated with anything but ""SimpleC" and smiling screens was the company that executed the study "if he wants ""Smiling Screens Case Study" then we use the Smiling Screens logo then we use SSI logo i want to talk to Jason about it in your opinion... do you think the oganizations we would send this to would be able to make the connection? i have no way of gauging that but you can give me your opinion "well, i seem to be constantly overestimating the intelligence of the average person, but really, i don't see why not" "i think as long as we include a letter printed on SSI letterhead mentioning ""our product, simpleC" it should be cleaer k i'd have to watch the video one more time to see how much simplec and ssi are mentioned i'm not going to fool with it right now brb that's agreeable k so what now "so, box is out" pretty much vid cd label is out yes i'm going to help gonzo with a video alright smilingscreens email and tutos are worthless so damn slow i haven't been using them yeah i'm moving away from it patheti c forward your email do i do that through hotmail or ss email ss email have gonzo change it to a forwarding account werd i just called Kmart and> ? apparently they have PS2 in stock "so," riiiight go now NOW that either means that they lied to me today NOW NOW NOW or yesterday or go ! they got in a shipment today eh i have to wait GO! i'll go later go NOW! anyone show up to pay you fools? they won't have it when you get there everyone is here no one has gotten paid scott is there? yes go ask him for a check got ti thanks are you coming? who in KMart told you they have PS2s? electronics department i heard her yell at someone asking if there were any there 179.99 plus tax werd go now i can't unfortunately responsibility be damned yeha anything interesting happening at th eoffice? did you speak with jason? no and yes did he clear anything up for you unfortunately sameer got involved so no ha what came of it then really nothing really i don't have a good answer so you are no better off now than you were not really what about with the beginner's manual? i'm not paying attention to it jason wants pictures ha so you ahve that to do now viceo video? why are you working on that because no one else can do it? ha somebody just tried to call me on my cell from the green phone scott did tell him to sign on to MSN please k how are ya i'm good happy to be back with your darling computer?] i missed it terribly but to be honest that this is HOT i'm glad you had it what's hot? that thing your computer ah yeah why are you glad i had it? my child was in good hands yeha i watched over it played maybe 2 songs off it the entire time admired the cool white-blue light when it's sleeping? yeah mezmorizing "breathing" "so, did you figure out what song i was referring to?" Natural Disaster by Fischerspooner yes can you send it to me now? how large is it? it's not 30 minutes ? 7 Mb werd office connection is garbage i was hopping my 100MBps would pull the file through ours or yours? it didn't connect? yeah its connected 14% sweet SSI offfice connectin] so what's the deal app Jason feels like shit gonzo headed to a meeting back uptown so it's just me right now i'm sort of working on the box alright everything else is done? you have the materials for SG to send out? as far as i know no brochure ok or qrg but he didn't really ask the brochure is done right? both are done as far as I thought the brochure is printable i think that i'm going to take the scary white fuckers off the front and make it look like the box the qrg is also printable but if we were going to mass produce it then i'd want to go through and finalize the spacing no time for that in this case "well, how long would it take to finalize spacing?" maybe a day maybe two not worth doing until were pretty much set on its content though and as far as i know yeah so don't worry about it for now we'll be printing it out here for the forseeable future if sam want's to spend money on 5000 or whatever "cuz it's like 5,000 for 500 copies" right that's his perogative by the by do you think we could actually compute how much we've spent on printing up to now like come up with a real per page cost? yes i know the ink costs i know the paper costs well i ahve access to them right i'm thinking you are trying to see if it actually saves us money? pretty much sameer thinks it's 20 cents a page and i'm thinking it's probably less than that "well," how many pages does the printer say we have printed? "we just changed it at the 10,000 mark right?" "well, i figured that there was a set amount for us to have printed when it needed that maintenance, so we could figure it off that" Exactly even include the cost of the maintenance 200 for the mainenance... roughly figure about 500 for ink so maybe 10 cents a page? you have to figure in that expensive ass paper Ha the glossy paper? yeah that we pay fucking $40 for 200 sheets? right $0.20 per man we could get the paper cheaper though right? might be able to cut that in half so you are talking $20 per err .20 per brochure right "ok, well at least i have a good idea" for when i print proofs i'd say that you can be comfortable with <0.40 estimate per for color that's a lot to me printing should be like 5-10 per page ideally i mean wtf do i know well we could get ink costs down by getting aftermarket we need to monitor the stripe issue i don't see us paying $10 a copy to have the qrg printed elsewhere i guess it costs us like $10 though depends on the quantity how do you figure that? 48 pages right *.2 24 pieces of paper two sides? right "so, the first side and the paper is .2" the additional side... 0.10 so its like $7.50 k but this is all estimating brb what's your password? for my laptop? yes why? punk ha so i don't have to break in again bitch ass i'm going to compress the video how did you do that by the way? ha never leave mikee bored with a computer in the room Joinme3 how did you do it? magic i see one of your loved ones regularly don't make me make threats ha you couldn't break into mine even if you were bill fucking gates that is not what i asked you dude Windows is lame you boot in safe mode and create a new account or boot from a disc figured it was something like that that's really stupid very very "if you put a login on OS X, it is basically impossible to get in without the password" i really want an apple and you can encrypt your entire hard drive on the fly you could just take out the hard drive no good what do you mean can't hook up a diff hard drive? "you could boot into someone else system on a different hard drive, but you'd never get into mine" right "so, what happens i fyou forget your pass?" you're fucked http://www.apple.com/macosx/features/filevault/ is there no other way to get this onto your machine except by Airport? i don't know ipod oooo good idea when are you getting here soon k fuck it i'm waiting i believe my connector is at my place shit i can pick it up tho it says 2 hours otherwise yeah who is at the office? sameer and jason good] alright... i'll be there in 30 min or less sweet have any other good tunes? did you give me all your music yesterday? not all of it i was just thinking that i need to delete a lot of this i'm tired of it i need to thorougly cleanse mine as well what to replace it with tho? the stuff i got from Dan was ok but not much that was great I also got a few interesting things from Jeffrey i've already raided Maria i need to go on a massive hunt ha exactly we need fresh meat you know what you need to do what's that bring your laptop to a 100mbps connection and look on morpheus or whatever right what is the ruling on that??? is it ok so long as you just don't share the music you acquire? it's never ok technically you don't even own the songs you buy digitally now you sort of license them i think i'm switching back to radio for a while that's crazy slightly you know what else is crazy? there's no such thing as a standard keyboard layout ? they're all fucking different KCRW is pretty good http://www.wprb.com/ ok enough radio sux man WPRB is treating me pretty well right now i'm referring to the beginner's manual i tried to ignore it i can't it's written at a fourth grade level do something send it to me sent check out the Saving and Opening Files page i was only making a small changes and they lead to big changes and .... "aside from some grammatical errors, what do you see wrong with the opening and saving page" it is written for an idiot You will notice.. i just read the entire page fuck it then let it be stupid "right,, but your problem with it is that it's really elementary" right? no my problem is that it's not written as instructions it's written as a dialogue In order to save this letter you will need to click on the Files button on the upper left hand side of the screen. what would you change that to read? Click on the <<FILES BUTTON IMAGE>> to save your letter. "I would change things like ""Now you will notice that the sentence ""Practicing saving and opening files."" Is on the page? Congratulations you have successfully saved and opened a file." Now you will notice is strictly a spoken reference right i agree for one thing "addressing the audience as ""You"" is pretty bad in and of itself" w.e "The sentence ""Practicing saving and opening files."" now appears on the screen. Congratulations, you have successfully saved and opened a file." fine does that seem right? sure "don't tell me whatever, i am asking your for help" problem is the whole thing is written that way i know so if you want to leave it the way it is I will re-write it that's fine with me i just want to figure out what the best way to have it re-written what you just did ok yeah... i totally agree with you... it's lame that he wrote that as if he was speaking to an old lady i'm sure that's exactly the way it goes in class it needs to be more general and worded the same as in the quick reference guide ok brb k have to work for a sec back welcome back "thanks," "anyway, i think that it's probably best if the text in the begginersmanual is consistent withthat of the QRG" sounds good to me everything is pretty much laid out so i can just replace it whenever you are ready "alright,,, i'll go over all the text" tonight probably k i'm going to work on the box alright uhh wha i think both gonzo and mikee are signed onto mikee's account at the moment right you both are connected haha i am talking to you both right now wait MIkee.... i am talking with gonzo i can't see gonzo's text ? "gonzo, go ahead" mikee... you can't see his text when in this state weird "good, cause Sameer is trying to get in touch with Mike" mikee. sign on to MSN gonzo.. tell sameer to sign onto msn BOTH OF YOU SIGN ONTO MSN ha did you get that GONZO???? tell gonzo to sign my account off of the machine at the office THIS IS WHY I TOLD ALL OF YOU FUCKERS TO USE MSN EVERDAY who is this? "GONZO, MIKEE SAYS TO SIGN HIS ACCOUNT OFF IN THE OFFICE" this is dan no sameer I am dan i'm pretty sure i am not sammer sameer i am job i'm going to kick all of your asses soon is anyone besides mikee on here now? nope just me morons yo hey i just called you werd i was on the phone so what's up with you today i'm here officially i'm headed down there in 5 min at penn? oh yes ok i was calling about ink but jason says can you have a electronic version of all our cards ready? you know already they're all ready they've been on TUTOS for a week right in that format i'm talking about to give to a printer yup what format do you want them in? hell if i know ok are you at the office for the rest of the day? well just let me know yup good i'll talk to you soon k buahahahahahahaaaaaaaa ??? i'm on a bench in the park werd need to coax some of these cats to take their coats off fur real ink is on its way neat now i can print grass where are you back in the office ahh what's up nada natural disaster all afternoon haha i just turned it on see if you can find any of the album Reich Remixed i can't on this computer hack that shit i'd rather not tell them it wasn't flexible enough for your needs tell them it was an intellectual challenge ha what is the html for underlining text [u]? ha no? yeah lucky guess i do these things and i have no idea how i did them take this grass for instance no fucking clue how to make this as green and i've already done it like twice save your steps genius ink is coming today? tomorrow can't wait can you? i need grass i have some at my apartment both kinds "alright,, i'm going to get the car" k did jason already leave? just just the person i was looking for yes i tried to catch up with you last night i did the same i called the office a bunch of times around 545-610 no answer my phone was busteed right anyway we went downstairs like right then maybe 5:50 damnit and then i walked ovre to see if i could meet you at Jasons and i got there at like 6 jeezus but no one was home you must have missed us by seconds so i figured you already left yeah right after i got back from airport i went to the office sameer and scott we playing with their new toys and said you had gone to jasons right so i looped back over there oh god looking for you on chestnut and walnut nah i was home by then then i even went to marias ha i have those cd's still.. right you are at home? yes when are you here next? "hopefully tomorrow, but if you need them today i'll bring them over" bring them tomorrow ok you can't get here by 12 can you? maybe right before then don't worry about it sometimes around 11 Maria said something about having a party tomorrow night alright whew what's up first trip to the PSC ha how was it? awesome yeah? wha'ts it like? old people smiling happy to talk easy to teach> ? i got there at the end are you going back? as they were walking out i'll go on tuesday ha i'm watching condi rice she's a fucking machine LOL yeah "well, if you actually look at what happened.... " "why don't you shut your flabby white face and RECOGNIZE" haha she's angry i want her to do all my explanations "i think i prefer the rumsfeld method, ""you're wrong and why are you even asking?" yeah... i model my conversations after his but he isn't an angry black woman maybe if you could put them together hahah too much maybe the bcards will be ready to print in an hour proof rather neat they didn't have any problems with the file? apparently not good i didn't hear anything you know what she is she's a Roman http://www.sfs.upenn.edu/seo/php4/index.php4 can you get to that page? fast? "i mean,, does it load fast" i got it um not right away "ok,, and supervisor login" try that link but it loads all at once k now what? brings up the login page? yes ok. thanks np http://www.motorcycle-superstore.com/item.aspx?style=300&department=101&division=1 or http://www.motorcycle-superstore.com/item.aspx?style=9506&department=101&division=1 those are expensive you can find cheaper i want a good one ? what do you mean a good one something that's going to keep my head in one piece with ventilation they all are DOT approved and maybe cleanable and light and stylish yeah you can find one like that cheaper http://www.davida.co.uk/lunar/ weird weird? how? it looks like a star wars helmet right! i mean you should buy it in person anwyay you can't tell if it's goign to fit onthe internet "and if you go to a motorcycle shop, there are always last years helmets on clearance etc" i think i can only find that one in New York what are you working on? grass jeeebus i'm getting pretty good at making artificial grass good to know do you think you would need the extra ventilation at the top of the helmet/ ? what do you mean? "need"" is relative" it is nice to have ventilation does your head sweat otherwise? my head always sweats with or without and is it easy to fog up? not really i've never had helmet fog up good i don't know wtf i would do if it did lift the visor slow down pull over and chil ive liked the helmets with the top vent yeah? but i really don't know if i could tel you the diff the star wars one doesn't have one that's a weird helmet i love it there aren't many i really like figures k lunch are you coming to town tomorrow ? yup kewl bring the cds k http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/4669114/ crazy cats and dogs living together ??? bad quote from ghostbuster s or badly quoted at least ha that is some crzy stuff all together nutz i'm going to start reading nostradomus in my spare time i think i'm getting bond today good plan i need a partner to play with tho sounds kewl hey when you get to do two person missions i'm always game it is you have to keep up with each other and open doors and shit and then there are some where you try to make it through the whole level without getting seen like you creep up behind people and break their neck yeah i was reading that hows the grass a little green if you ask me now i'm dealing with a spotty kite show me? is it coming through? yeah now it is sorry got busy for a second no worries WTF WHY IS IT SO GRAINY sorry about caps they're all like that that kite sucks ass it's like i'm having a bad dream its not traditional enough it looks like a bird that flew through some paint but it's yellow :\ why is yellow so good "because yellow is bright" who said that? jason yellow is one of the first colours you can't see when you go blind k now you tell me "well, just think about it" write your name on a white piece of paper with a highlighter shit is bright but you can't read it it makes sense unfortunately none of that matters http://images.google.com/imgres?imgurl=www.jockeysridgestatepark.com/images/recreation/kite2.jpg&imgrefurl=http://www.jockeysridgestatepark.com/recreation.html&h=120&w=160&sz=7&tbnid=VwlI0lh9oDAJ:&tbnh=69&tbnw=92&prev=/images%3Fq%3Dkite%2Borange%26start%3D80%26hl%3Den%26lr%3D%26ie%3DUTF-8%26oe%3DUTF-8%26sa%3DN what about it i don;'t know i can't imagine how frustrated you are at this point "i take naps, it helps" http://www.geocities.com/Colosseum/4569/pictures.htm burciago the pic has to be 300dpi at least and royalty free its' not findable on the web this is what we have to use http://www.inmagine.com/bsearch.php?tb1=kite&setgroup=1&start=1&end=20&btnG=Search "when we started doing this, i looked at 3000 pictures of kites" i found maybe 4 that worked and they told me that i had to figure it out for free we spent $60 dollars on a fucking kite at the time you were giving the option of a very expensive image instead of $5000 for the picture right the image i just sent you is reasonably priced $180? yeah http://www.photos.com/en/search/close-up?oid=2710771&a=&pt=&k_mode=&k_exc=&cid=&date=&k_var=kite&bl=%2Fen%2Fsearch%2Findex%3Fk_var%3Dkite%26big%3D1%26ppage%3D4%26srch%3DSearch%26first%3D33&ofirst=&srch=Y&hoid=946fc6df9bc771586441e4634b9a1f73 "i was told they're ""Too much like MSN" the entire idea is too much like msn i'm just saying what i heard i know i did go through all of these pictures ok i'll stop annoying you then airbrush one ;) i just spent the last 20 minutes thinking about painting one over the weekend is there another idea we could use? this is taking entirely way too much time and effort "i tried to talk to them about that yesterday and they were like, ""No.:" who did you talk to do you have any other ideas already? "Sameer launched into a ""this should have been done weeks ago"" rather than actually discussing what we should do" my only ideas were to get rid of at least one of the things either the grass or the kit or the chair i've seen teh grass we own a picture that we could use it looks like grass which one? the old people sitting with the picnic basket in the grass fuck it but Jason is dead set on the kite why don't we use that alright well i have nothing further then exactly the kite is too difficult you can't make one from stratch and expect it to look like its flying the direction i was giving was "put something together no matter WHAT it looks like, and we can talk about it then" yes do that asap just slap the bitch together i'm trying its not worth putting lots of time into it we need another idea that's the problem plan b is exactly what i asked for i said if this doesn't work then what and it was make it work and really i don't have any other good ideas that don't involve what we've been doing what do you mean by that? that don't invole what we've been doing i mean the only things i've been thinking about involve grass and kites and chairs ahh http://www.caustik.com/cxbx/index.htm help me with this email... k i am trying to explain why we are *fucked* in terms of the box "1. Kites cannot be made from scratch to look like they are real, much less flying. 2. Royalty FREE images ARE available, but have been ruled out because they: cost WAY too much (>$200), and the reasonably priced ones are either ""too much like MSN"". 3. We have rejected the option of having a ""Plan B""." dude leave it alone seriously why? i mean i appreciate that this is ridiculous but this has been going on for weeks and it's going to cause huge problems ah grrrrrrrrrrrrr honestly the kite we have does not look like a traditional kite i know i pointed it out he doesn't care cool alright slap it together what idiots it would be a good idea if we had the money to do it easily yeah but it's not a good idea trying to do it for nothing just buy the image and it was my idea and i don't think it's a great idea there should have been another idea that could have been executed without all this a picture of a rose or whatever well at least there should have been the willingness to accept it why don't we just go after a picture of a helicopter over a south american moutnain top with a real cougar inthe background draw that i don't think they get it honestly i can't comprehend where they're coming from which is probably why this isn't working very well and i'm sure the situation is mutual because everytime i try to explain it you get told to just do it my explanation basically gets ignored help me write it it's my fault because i'm still trying to do it seriously it's not going to accomplish anything but pissing jason and sameer off they already *know* ok "empty chair in background facing us.. string from chair to kite in foreground, large enough to put SimpleC logo on one wing" is that the idea? ha i knew nothing about SimpleC on the wing i just made it up thought i would throw that into the mix can we hang in office and use fan ? been done sans fan mit fan could be better? no idea really i have a friend who just got a powerbook with 10.3 k how do you set it so the icons pop up when you roll over at the obttom go to the apple menu and turn magnification on in the dock werd this isn't going to work the kite? yes i'm telling you just slap the bitch on there that's the only one that looks even remotely correct as far as position all i can tell you is put it on there and let them see how bad it is here i am!!! what's up buttercup butternuts lol shoot me the manual i need the original copy you sent me ha i have what is it you're asking for? decided to send that email huh? oh yup "we'll call it ""the washing of the hands" "" yeah my email would have had a little more spice but i think yours is better "again, i go for the Rumsfeld" ha yeah i deleted a few sentences the one I wrote was pretty smack to the point this sucks you suck next yeah you guys are idiots you continually fuck the company and thank you well that can be our next email when they ignore this one "... and I would love for someone to explain it to me." that was at the end anyway you could still send it... lemme get back to this inane manual k i'll brb tell me if that is any better much i figure it's something you can at least work with certain things like how i re-use the italics in the keys definition i'm not sure of and leave up to you "well, all of it i leave up to you,,," but i think you know what i mean yup just make the rest of hte text like that and it will be ready to go uh huh i'm working on it now talked to sameer post-email yet? i haven't seen him werd he's drunk from last night guaranteed ahh i guess i may not see him then? i'd say that's a safe assumption this is such a huge pain in the ass i don't think jason's version would have helped many people no? haha this entire manual is idiotic ok give them the fucking QRG anyways i digress that's what i was thinking but maybe it's intended for a different purpose? well he's trying to replace an instructor i see what he's doing but what we should be doing is shooting a video what needs to be done is make a video that is soley screen shots and voice overs errr.... shots of teh computer screen while going through the processes discussion for a later time yeah how hard would that be? "we just need a voice, right?" editing is a long process werd "ok,," page 6 what about it i'm on it ah :-( LOL it looks like the rest will go quicker tho good ".. so i got that going for me"" -Bill Murray, CaddyShack" heh after you save a file SimpleC tells you have saved teh file what is the button on that box? done? can you find out? yes thanks Done thanks np i'm changing the name of the beginner's manual to Natural Disaster HAH LOL www.sfs.upenn.edu erre www.sfs.upenn.edu/seo anything? no http://creative.gettyimages.com/source/search/resultsmain.asp?source=quickSearch&brand=allbrands&selImageType=7&chkRoyaltyFree=on&txtSearch=kite&subSearch=Begin+search&UQR=jrypnm&hdnSync= ?????????/ for the front of the box a bird? this is what i'm leaning towards bird? what bird dude click on your link i see no birds that's hot yeah? are you going to buy it? or make it? buy how much? $250 jeebus they said i could spend up to $500 make sure you don't buy it before you come up with a few options and show them to everyone we'll see there's actually not the much to choose from that pic would look hot if you put the simplec logo on it in another shade of orange that's one of the reasons i like it because our scheme is orange and because of yeah "Learn to use a computer in one afternoon" yeah something like that i'm telling you tho... find a few options before you spend money so there is at least the illusion of a choice choices suck my arsehole i don't care what they do going to maria's i'll catch up with you later haloo whattup diggity dawg nada what's up with you? nothign much what have you got on my list right now? "well, i finished the beg. manual" so you can have a look at it and see what you think ok and format it gimme a min or two to get it for yoiu k What's the best thing about fucking twenty-nine year olds? ?? There are twenty of them. oh man that's dirty HEH Theresa by way of Maria so great http://www.simplec.com/web-content/index.html yeah Looks great i think i should get a white helmet Michael Kumstein stop for safety purposes ahh cuz i found a black jacket that suits me nicely how many gigawatts did it take to get the DeLorean going? 5 k hell if i know dammit this is important 1.21 seriously? yes http://www.nature.com/nsu/040329/040329-13.html uhhh keep reading uh huh lameliscious LOL No! today is the 13th and storms could power the Delorean amazing loser SO Leave me alone <sniff> aww I'm a Winner. My Mom told me so. me too huh what a coincidence the color of the test site is really bright that's a good thing right? i guess so what about that background? what about it bsy busy supposed to be and there is no full SimpleC logo with the word SimpleC nope it's fine it's much better than what we had and the quotes are odd with the person's name as a large title the names are stronger than even the section title probably should be that page looks weird altogether in my opinion that's the combination of formatting that came out the most recognizable oh well i like the one we have now better i don't eh the new one is undeniably better in terms of most everything i'm not sure what i'm hung up about neither am i it's much easier to read maybe the background that's actually one of the newest trends in web design not many people have adopted it yet but i like it and old ppl will def like it it looks like fabric is the enter key used within the context of our program? what do you mean yes you have to press enter to load a web page ok after you enter the website address in the Address Box yu p that was the biggest pain in the ass what was the entire manual you saw how it was written right trying to decide whether i want a new cell phone/service is this because the three stooges got new phones? and my plan just ended then yes any suggestions T-Mobile y i've heard only good things how's the beginner's manual coming? i'm on the help page i thought one of the pages should be re-ordered as well k work it out with Jason and let me know i was thinking of switching files and web do you think that makes more sense/ i think it's arbitrary ok nevermind then "what i mean to say is, the pages are pretty random as it is" well "i think it makes sense to have the into, then posture, then the two input devices, sign in, help" "write, web, files, levels" files after write ok proceed i hope you aren't struggling with that thing as i did not much i'm editing it a little bit more just to make it fit alright let me know when i can look at it k i'm on web so pretty soon i hope that's a bitch the keyboard doesn't show the 2nd character keys for reasons of legibility nothing for saving and opening files? there wasn't anything on there orginially and it didn't all fit what's up with the screenshot in changing levels in does not include the top or left bars that's what Jason asked for is that supposed to be the full screen view? does it really matter? "yes.. if it is the full screen view, then the Full buttton should read Norm" the first shot referenced is the full button which is on the norm page okay but the screenshot does not have the left and top bar' which indicates that it is a full page "nor does the write screenshot, for reasons of legibitlity" it'd be nice if we could have a shot of the left bar for saving and opening files k I took one i'll put it in if it works out if it is not possible or doesn't look good at all.. don't worry abou tit k i'm done with it and i'm posting it on the FTP sameer just asked me for it ok i want to play a fun video game Bond i don't think i'm going to like it bullshit 3rd person that is hmmm nah it's great i'm buying that pic doit done great its so nasty out TRUE perfect day for video games i'm wearing gonzo's pants cause i had my white khakis on riding my bike ha that's asking for trouble yeah where are those cd's that i gave you the other day hmmm good question probably still in my bag damint heh lemme check when are you coming to philly next i may have taken them out still in my bag i guess ill be in whenever it stops raining ha see you in a month yeah what's up "nm, reading about Jeffrey's Parking Ticket conspiracy theories" what's up wiht you not much just got back from the philadelphia senior center how did it go? eh well its difficult with some of them they don't respond? they are slow i think we all need to move to Miami werd what are you working on the box werd how is that coming pretty well anything to preview? nooooo no pre-releases weak alright when is the release so i can look forward to that when we can have a good printing whenever its stops f-ing raining so you are done with the box and just have to print to move forward? no i'm making options that i need to print to move forward can you come in tomorrow then? what do you need by tomorrow to move forward on the box when does Jason get back sometime later this week "ok, i was told i had until then" what else are you doing? right now nothing the covers for the beginners manual i just want to get this shit done asap and the brochure those are done both come from the box ahh alright "well, we need all that asap" "so if the box is the first thing to do," lets not wait for jason or anyone else "beyond that stuff,, i need to sit down with you in person and go over the excel stuff that sameer and I came up with, the one you and him talked about planning out hours for" honestly that was ALL sameer ok well then you and I will redo it but it needs to get done my opinion is that anything is going to be a shot in the dark so what he has is fine but we still need to sit down and break it down even further "in terms of the projects, etc" and put our best estimates down k by tomorrow you'll have all the options ready to print??? for the box that is i'll have options probably not all the options how about thursday afternoon could we sit down then and work on all this stuff? yup tentatively plan on that ok is there anything you need at the moment nope we'll have to get bond by thurs afternoon i'll i think you'll like it we'll see have you finished GT3? thirty some percent i have 35 or so cars i actually put it down to watch some tv last night alright... time for a sandwich... brb k I am away from my computer right now. i just bought pedals and a helmet online? yeah the ones you showed me? http://www.crankbrothers.com/products/pedals_s_eggbeater.php "http://www.skirack.com/browse.cfm/4,756.html" what size did you get? medium have you tried Soulseek? ??????? www.slsknet.org try it hmmm can't do it now but i will later on my laptop k basically kazaa? same use better method werd talk to gzo... he says he needs the QRG and Beginner's Manual you get stuff square with gzo yes superb "so once these are done, what are we going to be working on?" once what is done "box, qrg, brochure, website" "once all the printed materials are done.. we will work on projecting for the next year," planning things out lighting up tutos with tasks and deadlines making sure that all printed materials are correct (final revision) then.... the TEA website and re-working the SSI website maybe who knows that's why we have to sit down and plan k what's kicken haus some company is paying $1 per computer hour to relay spam = $168 per week interesting you gonna do it? "no, but i considered it" oh here we go it's only $16.80 a week there you go http://www.spamradio.com/ every time i look up Madonna on Soulseek the thing crashes but just madonna ha its a sign would you believe there hasn't been any Madonna on my playlists for almost a year? i wouldn' t 6 months hahahahaha almost a year hahah w/e been that bad for you huh? yes i lost all my tori amos too time is slowed by a factor of 2 without madonna it's a regular tragedy funny can i preview the box ideas? no why not the images are embargoedc per orders from the Ministry of Culture by pain of DMCA death ??? no free samples uhhh I'm just asking to have a look not until you're of age I am of age i need to see some id i'll show you the next time I see you if you don't watch out "great, that's when i was planning on showing them to you" "or if your lucky,, depending on the method of id" do you have any madonna on your playlists? yes ha and i am willing to share a trade? yes madonna for illicit screenshots? yes "no deal, mine are worth more than yours" give me a break just let me see NO we're still toying with them that's fine we have three so far i just want to have a look at what you're doing probably three it will stay that's cool I think there is possibly some value in letting me see them now and I don't see any drawbacks "if it's monetary, we'll talk" yeah $750? extra? relative "ok einstein, lets see if you can you can divine what they look like" how about a description ? there's a picture "well, i'm assuming they all three have the image you purchased?" in the background and there's some text in fact on two out of three there is all of the text that sameer wanted how about them apples? that doesn't necessarily make me happy but i'm sure he'll be satisfied "actually... he'll just say.. ""that's how it should be" "it should have been done 6 years ago" or some shit but i'll just settle to see how they look and be quite happy with that i'm anxious to see what you have done with that picture because it seemed like it had a lot of potential and that was just from my brain hmmm maybe as a compromise i'll show you something else nah nah nah... come on there's nothing to lose we lose the anticipation probably the best thing of all not at all "it'll be a nice introduction into the ""first drafts review process" here's what you're getting: i'll send you one of the three brochure covers i did think of it as a sort of trailer i really like that picture as do i box fronts please main non i hope that means yes here come the files this girl has amazing taste in music and a fat pipe what more could you ask for this cover for the brochure cannot be produced on our printer how come? "well,,, for distribution anyway" because it uses too much color i suppose that's why there is more than one version although i find it odious odi was a happy dog odi wasn't arbitrarily restrained from genius i didn't say anything about restraint its a great cover to order from a printer another point..... maybe that restraint then provides grounds for even greater genius bullshit IF there were any restraint at all that's the problem we had with the box in the first place which there isn't the box is a huge bitching issue on both sides myself excluded at the moment "well, just so you know, i'm not wrong" in case you were wondering its not about right or wrong its about expectations not being met on either side damn you madonna crashed a fucking again i think i shall have to resort to more urbane climes "on the plus side, my shpongle is coming through" ha "well,, check this out" I had a big heated conversation with scott and sameer the other day about? eh delays in the company in general did you come to a conclusions? and regardless of who points fingers where we all agreed we need to get stuff done quicker i made some points about resources and their availability people and their availability and the mis-direction on and on and on in the end organization is the only solution as always "but," this time I was told that I have ultimate authority in terms of telling jason and sameer and scott to step off when i need to or when they begin to hinder productivity dun dun dun don't let it go to your head i was actually instructed to do so right i could care less it is just a difference in how i react to them slowing our company down which is the proper perspective vs my previous.... well they are just slowing their company down which was my fault at any rate I'd like to have more review (preview) processes built into most company projects "while, I don't necessarily need to see anything right now... I don't see how it would upset the process any.... and I actually believe it could only help..." what do you think? "i was in the middle of typing, ""as long as they don't include the box" :) your an ass you know that don't you YES . good that's the only way to be why is the box such a touchy issue? no touchy "well, non-compliant issue" mostly because it's fun and because i want to print them out because i can't tell what they look like on screen i understand that... and i'm not going to stop you from printing anything so printing is the real preview "well, i'm less critical of screen vs print" and really to keep the creative process holy so you can finish the ideas before you get feedback on them? yes what if I vow not to give feedback non whatsoever you're going to hate this answer but that's not possible because whether or not you say anything you still think it and thereby influence the process you're that easily influenced? karma is a bitch ha "no, dan, i'm just a sensitive kind of guy" alright we are going to work on setting review deadlines so there isn't this misunderstanding k my review deadline for the box was when Jason gets back right so from my point of view i'm sticking to the deadline right k i'm not usually late if we are going to be an inflexible beaurocratic bitch of a company with many things ok... that was my last shot ha and i'm spent pretty much i just like to acclerate things "because, unless you haven't noticed.... we still aren't making any money" TRUE but not my issue it is everyone's issue i disagree you own part of the company as well it's marketing's issue there you go i do what i do the best i can do it box needed given what i have and the circumstances dealt "and on this particular thing, i'm not giving in" because beleive me.. .i've preached that a lot the box is going nowhere until the fools return from San Francisco and the conclusion was drawn as "Do something about it, it is your job, take it as your responsiblity and make changes" so it is entirely on my shoulders now the box? or everything in general? "well, let's agree on after they get back i guess, since that was said before this was established" "managing in general, yes" not vision or direction you're in charge? yes if i need resources i have to make them happen "if something i'm a part of doesn't get done, it is my fault" because i didn't make the necessary events occur at some point in the near future "i hope we quit changing how things get done, because I have trouble keeping up" i agree i think this was a failure on my part just as much as anyone... because prior to now i have been giving excuses as answers for delays "like... well, this person wasn't available, or whatever" what you've described to me still isn't a functional heirarchy what is and why not the roles of the managers are not defined in such a way that information is centralized how so? "on a purely operational level, who's telling who to do what in which case isn't at all clear" "as it relates to me, there isn't any defined person that i can work with to make decisions" and it works soooo much better if there is only one person "i meet with 3, i get vision and direction, i execute, meaning I tell whomever I need to whatever i need to get done" you get decisions from me whether or not it has to be finally reviewed by others that isn't what Jason and I discussed the decision will come from me "i have enough experience doing this that i know that my job only works when i've got a direct line to whoever is making the final, FINAL decision" because otherwise we run around in circles doing stupid shit so if there's a vision i need to hear it directly because that's what i work with i don't disagree necessarily and... that point will be brought up i've brought it up with Jason and to my knowledge he understands this right so i don't know where Sameer and Scott fit into it the only solution is for you or me to talk with them about it "if you're talking about you managing me and Gonzo, because that's all there is right now, then i think it's silly because it's really you managing Gonzo, which is silly" its coordination in a larger organization this might make sense alright "well," the company is completely failing to meet deadlines everyone included that is the problem and nobody takes responsibility they point fingers you say that its jason and other fault for insisting on kite they say its you being a bottleneck I point out everything that i can think of that causes the problem i am absolutely not responsible for the delivery date of this box when it was such an emergency to have we didn't have the money to print it and the date slipped and then Beryl was going to print it and the date slipped and now it's this conference so PLEASE take that back because i GET my shit done on TIME i don't arrange my priorities THEY do I didn't say anything to the contrary i said nearly the exact same thing well he can take that bottleneck shit and shove it up his ass the entire company needs to be more efficient the way the company works because it isn't "this is entirely an organizational management issue, of which i have no one to manage, so the efficiencies are not going to be seen by harassing my work" i'm not harassing anything i'm saying you're not going to get the art any faster than you ask for it right "and if we continue to throw projects into the mix at the last moment, then it will take even longer" that's also organizational management right I agree that's why it makes sense to have a person planning all this shit and then managing it as well "i hate to tell you this burciago, but you can't manage by proxy with those three" you shouldn't be directly responsible for their bad decisions they should right..... esp when they're directly responsible for their good decisions in any event TRUE but if they are focused on doing their individual tasks and need someone to coordinate then that should be possible as long as it is planned and communicated so you're the COO? ha LOL "unless jason wants to be,,, which i don't think he does a good job of doing specific parts of that job" but that's what i'm saying either your it or you're not not only when Jason doesn't want to be i completely agree so we still have a problem i think that if they want me to take that specific responsiblity of managing.. they need to give me the authority that goes along with it "otherwise, it doesn't work" "and personally, i have no ego driven attachment to the position" in my mind it 's no good if it's unofficial and really if he wants to be available everyday to ask you if you need resources and to coordinate what you are doing with others... then fine but i haven't seen him fully functional in that respect with the company as a whole "he's good for snap ""DO IT"" decisions" which some of the time contradict each other or other things in teh company "and in my opinion, hinder progression" even though it is sometimes perceived as moving the particular project forward EX.... making the QRG as short as possible.... it was an IDIOTIC waste of time ha but what would it be like if you hadn't ? it would be 80 pages instead of 50 no it would have been 50 the majority of hte time spent was not the text TRUE which is the only functional difference between onur's and yours not true as a result of jason and my time spent ok *qualifier we spent many many hours trying to scrunch which was STUPID i had already reviewed the text and revised from that point it should have gone to you that's the process "not,,, lets see if you and i can sit here and fuck with it to see if we can get it down to 5 pages" thereby making it utterly useless these sorts of inefficiencies are all over someone has to be appointed i don't care who it is fine but right now the box waits that person still doesn't exist right i agree "they have tried to put me in that position, but without the necessary authority" is how i feel i think you're a fool if you accept it that way "don't worry,,, it isn't a done deal yet" we have to wait until they get back yes so what else is new "in the meantime,,, can i preview the box?" Ha yes nice! Adding another level of management without the ability to give a final decision only creates further inefficiencies in a company of this size. ha i think that says it all three layers of management for 10 people is insane yeah i think they don't agree based on the fact that each of the three are busy enough with other things that they don't have sufficient time to manage do you think that is safe? either sameer or jason should be managing sameer isn't capable Jason needs someone else to do what he's doing and only be a manager someone to take over business development maybe in 20 years his ego would be secure enough to let someone else be in charge where he otherwise would but not while his parent's cash is on the line which is ultimately screwing things up you know what i learned with a Management Concentration at Wharton? ? let someone else do it ;) delegate "nah, it's more like, manage from the rear" like the President isn't really in charge right "unfortunately, they're trying to make you President" the only way i would run for president is if i could finance my entire campaign on my own "that doesn't make sense in light of as the president ""let someone else do it" which is exactly what they are trying to do do you know what gonzo is doing with the website? i think i may change that one page in light of what you said it isn't going anywhere until there is time for a comprehensive review... that's my understanding... which... could mean nothing k i'm taking it off my list what is on your list? ha good question yeah should be just the box right? pretty much i mean there are tons of things to do list them TEA website and materials our website but you've already drafted that simplec or smilingscreens? i was speaking of simplec k what about SSI i'm happier with it than pretty much anything else i've done ok the text needs to be changed and it could probably be recoded right but that isn't you not me wasn't me man heh what else nothing ha if you finish the box... then we can work on something ahh but you need to print tomorrow you are looking for things to do now? yup hahahhahahh what? "sameer, do i have ultimate decision on the website?" ? "well, yeah,, i mean, for the first draft/version" LOL exactly what we just spoke about anyway want to work on the website? which? simplec what needs to be done? i'm not crazy about the index page hmmm i like it the paramaters are simply make the four options prominently displayed in a way that will spur people to try them "the only thing is, those four links at the moment could be interpreted to be just statements" i am absolutely not turning them into buttons ok.. why? "until we move the site to flash, buttons are bad design" what is bad about them.... refresh me for one thing most reasonable designers don't use them anymore when text serves the same purpose at a smaller filesize an image won't improve the amount they stand out on the page because it's still text laid on top of something useless we have no pictures that correctly identify the ideas right that was my hangup that tutorials didn't have appropriate images features we could use the 6 buttons email the email button but tutorials and have a look nothing the only way to make those stand out is to seperate them with descriptions one line each? w/e just so long as there is black text in between images right won't really improve the distictiveness "and not having ""simplec"" with the logo" no fix? no need? fine the way it is putting a logo large enough to have the SimpleC with it eats up too much real estate to be useful yeah agreed and the entire site preaches simplec and the logo should be strong enough to stand on its own that's why its a logo right contact page ? there are too many option in my opinion not my deal well give me your opinion i think it's fine at least we coudl consolidate ask a question and send us feedback TRUE its roughly the same thing either way Tell a Friend to help others learn how to use computers. haha "hey, friend, help others learn how to use computers" weird Tell a friend about SimpleC better Nusrat Fateh Ali Kahn Send us Feedback about SimpleC fine although you may want to differentiate it a little bit right i think i should go buy a playstation Send SimpleC to a friend err no i think we should just change the trial page request form description to have simplec mailed to you or a friend FIne what do you think? usually Contact is to contact the company not to refer right? right i maintain that the about us page is awkard looking it could be better i'm thinking of ditching the italics and making the quotes smaller yeqh maybe bringing them in line something let me know if you put a change up k http://neocyde.net/simplec/about.html looks better take the end quote off the first quote riiight "seems a little weird with the people quotes having their names larger than the quote,," but i understand uniformity problem is there are three types of quotes on the page right i also think that we need text for all publication quotes not just links or text as in the case of milestones and curious parents do you agree? sure now what "Trial SimpleC Request Form Have SimpleC mailed to you or a friend!" "remove ""Tell a friend...."" form Contact page" k what's shakin nothing i'm playing with? The Crimson King unfamiliar it's a drawing ahh you at office? it stopped raining my ass is going outside where are you? the office werd did you print out the box options? yes and? i still like the one i like but it needs tweeking where are you going outside? Rittenhaus taking your computer? yes werd what time are you going back to jersey what time are you getting here well..... i'm supposed to stay here at penn for the afternoon but it is very nice outside maybe leave here at 3 you want to have meeting in park? sure ok call my cell "Well, all the PC's that were available have been sold..." dammit i called him like a half hour ago how did you find out? it is posted what is your cell number? 2679758514 i want to get another ps2 game as wel oh.. i'll have to show you my new cars ahhah heh what's kicken haus nothin came back to print http://www.crankbrothers.com i like that website http://neocyde.net/ thats what i did yesterday how dissappointing to find a pdf among html documents you didn't want to scroll though 80 pages? my thesis? yes ha fuck that peck messaged me on msn for what who knows how things are going if i'm still with ssi he's wondering if he made a bad decision he tell you that? no or are you just observing the obvious i'm psychic O it's my newest parlor trick psych-O either way one follows the other right i want to move somewhere sunny "now, when the sun comes out?" i pass by sta and seriously thought to myself... why don't i just get on a plane ha i thought the same thing getting off the bus i level of happiness would be so much greater even if i had nothing i'm in the business of convincing the three stooges to move this show to miami yeah that'd be hot YES!!! i found the spot in the song that i like LOL DJ IMRI Live @ In The Lab mmhm 5 min in 5 min 4 seconds i'm a sucker for percussion you know what's funny? ? i deleted that song this morning jackass making room! i don't know if the rest is worth it but for a solid minute or two i got a whole FUCKLOAD of music yesterday its good stuff where from? soulseek i got at least a gig's worth nice is there a way to sync the ipod with itunes such that it will add both collections? manually gay SO haha *snicker* on the new simplec website mmhm there is no call us at XXXXXXXX TRUE i forgot about it conveniently no ah i really just forgot i'm just messing with you what is going on at the office ? but now that you mention it Nada scott mee gonzo SimpleC and its parent company Smiling Screens does that even make sense ? no SimpleC is a product exactly i also am thinking we might should switch the organizations quotes with the individuals k what do you think there is so much spacing too.... i think if we're going to put all of that shit on the same page then it needs the spacing i don't really care what order its in we should also list contact information on the contact page what is the correct way to handle the product-company relationship what are you asking me in terms of the media title on about us and contact information on the contact page Find out about the makers of SimpleC or w/e i don't feel good about the website what about it "which, could mean nothing to you or anyone else" I see the functionaly improvements but looks wise something isn't righ t "functionality is your department, looks is mine" "and not that i care about what anyone else thinks (even though, WE should care as a company),,, nobody i've shown it to prefers the new one over the old" i do if you will buy 10000 copies that's fine is how i see it it looks much better is how i see it "otherwise, we are at the mercy of people who would potentially buy the product" you you you you does that justify it? yes otherwise get someone else to do it it's really that simple that doesn't seem like a wise approach that's business ok i don't understand why you are unwilling to work on things to benefit the company LOL please its mikee's way or the highway no matter what anyone else says "if mikee likes it, its done" yup that's what i'm here for to make those decisions if you don't like the decisions i make i understand then there are other people who can make them this isn't an ego thing well it is i know it is but i'm confident in the decisions that i make at least partly "as you should be, i guess...." i just want the site to be attractive to as many people as possible there's a certain level of arbitrariness when it comes to attraction right i understand that attraction is based more on relationships that surface appearance even if the person has no relationshiop to simplec "this site, in particular, has much better relationships" oh i see what you are saying between the Elements on the Page right if you want to change the function that's your deal i know i know but i KNOW this looks better end of story ok what you up to? working on the box ok did you know it's Fling? yes sir are you? i do i am unaffected yeah yes you're going on Sat? no this is the first year that i've had zero desire to participarte DJ shadow is here where? he's whose playing? buahahhahahhha what ? it's spring time mikee heh true that i'm one of the crazies that comes out you're the ass hole with the water gun i say get a supersoaker and go tearing through campus until you get arrested nah ritthaus LOL women in furs yeah furballs alright man what's your plan i'm deep into it with this box ok how long will you be in that greater than an hour? yes ok definitely i'll come to the office then k would you like me to bring you anything? "no, but thanks" "maybe a soda, or a gas station attendant?" him too ;) :) alright G... i'll be there in roughly 1.5 hrs k whattup talking about our iPod successes with? G-zo we fooled those fuckers buahahahahaaaaa whattup thinkin about the front page of the website "i got pedals, i got pedals" gonzo put the box together OH yeah? are they on? yeah diggity no not on yet must go to bike shop do you have to screw them on ? ahhh i need a special wrench i'm going to 18th later :D i have a meeting at 3 riiight how does the box look somebody called here for you fucking oh yes? the box looks sick like good deal mango yessssss the text at the bottom still needs to change Naomi called ahh werd yes she left me a message on my phone as well thank you "that reminds me, i'm leaving those discs here for you" excellent when are you leaving ??? i'm thinking about staying until Maria gets off work around maybe 6 werd how was lunch? have you changed anything on the website/ it was great "no, not yet" i'm taking screenshots kewl julian called HOW did it GO says he aced the interviews SWEEET extremely well fucking brilliant one of the guys wanted to give him a job on the spot but they have to meet on monday NO SHIT he'll know but next week yeah fuck yeah get his ass wasted stat i have a feeling he's going to be working for Lockheed insane how sick is that he'll eventually get himself to work on cutting edge shit that nobody knows about real toys for big boys tell him i said what's up he deserves that shizzy you know what we need? for the website? a shitload more text for the front page ok hmmm nah i like that crankbrother's site better yes and it has almost nothing very goo beddy beddy goo i have crank brothers pedals in my hands heh and a sticker i have not decided where to put the packaging is pretty hot i'll show you what does it come in? fuck it foam mold inside a rectangle i'm ripping this off yes mikee do it can you send me an image of the box front? yup werd i think we might should use internet instead of web ok i dont' know i'm shutting up now gonzo suggested music instead of songs i saw that it works better Email pictures Write music i'm headed downtown "bike shop, then office" mikee dan lemme see what are you asking to see? i'm slow on the keyboard cause im down 1 finger anything "dude, i just got myself together" website if u have any changes werd did you get my email? nah' lemme check it's nothing just that i feel like dogshit today i sliced the shit out of my finger i caught the plague LOL doing? nothing interresting opening a window did you break the window? yeah no comment but yeah i just started fooling with the website i'll have a mock page in maybe 15 minutes kewl bond bond bond HA not missing a finger you won't it'll drive you batshit index no less right or left? right d'oh have to use my middle to shoot lol now that's a skill eh i'll make it but that game is the shizzle stuck on one level tho when did you get it? sat chilled with Jules? nah alone yet to play 2 player it's hot i'm digging all the salsa music you have there is some really good shit in there among the shit shit um yeah i deleted about 2 gigs i mean Debbie Gibson? prob suzanne ahhh i backed up her hd on my laptop ok you get a pass some of it is mine LOL send me an angel Backstreet Boys? no LOL Britney? no k good that must have been worrysome Maria and I had a good chuckle yeah yeah when u come to philly next whenever my throat returns to a normal temperature believe me you don't want this werd did you see the box? nah its' in the office k this afternoon 5 or so http://neocyde.net/simplec/test.html better? yeah looks weird when wide and =lots of space between menu items "also,,,, missing a ""c"" to right of ""Contact" I like the way it looks tho hmm the menu stays the same size in Safari ahh grows in IE lol what? you ripped the chit off of crank' yes IE sux ballz "just checked ur ""the box is sick"" email" i tis i think it may be too basic not the box the website poss what else is going on besides this website? eh synching all other matericals > ? yeah... i want to see what Jason and Sameer's reactions are.. but i've also got those buttons scott wanted yeah you finished> ? i started not finished that then' bond ha where are you? penn http://neocyde.net/simplec/test2.html nice i like more u? better yeah rough cut wanna hang out at my place again> hehehehe this lack of index finger is fuckin me up "yo, maybe Bond can solve our problems" seriously do you need stitches? nah went to HUP they didn't stitch oh lord yeah girls made me gi go did they go with you? welll.... STRONGLY ASKED ha suzanne did she's great you have insurance? that's the shitty part oh well "since the fracture in the glass was pre-existing and documented,,,, UCA might pay" ahhh there's an angle i'm going to keep messing with this ok what is that text> standard greek used to fill space for design purposes mike dan werid huh? what's weird? "i saved it as jpg and it looks fine on my machine as jpg... but when sent over im,,,, turns bklue;" i don't see blue ? NM k all the orange is blkue you saved it in CMYK it shows up on my comp as orange werd\ that'sll i need help w bond where are you stuck? tunisia coop multi damn that tunisia werd requires two players? yeah i'm game jules and I are stuck looking for guides online that's cheating admitting defeat as it were eh just hints man ask jeffrey like where the hidden chit is i went to the doctor this morning he thinks i should be well by end of week have you seen the conference kids? yeah last night how did it go? didn't talk no talking? they came over my apt for a bit yet to talk biz ahh did they see the box? think so you partied last night? no emotions either way no party scott came over t=o pick sumthin up they came along ahh scott liked it he said so? i figured out what i'm going to use for his buttons yeah good white people scare me i was just there with old people wild i thought you were hiring someone for that? did checking up wild how giving more materials happy/angry/frustrated/impatient/etc sorta like women this was the old ppl;? yeah old ppl are scary too old white ppl are freakish david IMed me the other day maybe two days ago? more than that these birds are either really pissed off or they're fucking now which is it ?? birds man they're violent boss is such a putz fire him "i'm about to adopt the do only exactly as i'm, told" not a great situation to be in fuck it sick of idiots and people blowing stupid things out of proportion like mis-filing something is the end of the world probably not the real issue "Is ANYthing going to go right this semester?!?!?!" bitch bitch bitch at you in particular? no shit knows better ha tell him to fuck right the hell off that's my angle near it http://www.viceland.com/issues/v11n3/htdocs/the_vice.php how far did u get in coop mode> akufen installation i'd have to see it why was it that we could not transfer music the other night? we had to transfer them as files rather than as music why your ipod was tied to a specific copy of iTunes ahh this vice shit is ridonculous ha yeah http://neocyde.net/simplec/test3/test3.html holy shit what is that for? options no graphics onthat one huh? wow sameer is going to love that what do you think of it? better SLEEEEEZZZY so nasty yeah getting there def put the last one up test2 just to see http://neocyde.net/simplec/test2/test2.html that;s quite the pair yeah lol i can't get enough its hilarious cause sameer will eat that up fuck him heh now what i thought you were on your way working on that site on my way where? needs approval AHHAHAHAHAHH and content riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight about time to go inside anyway did you watch that cat video? yeah' goof Ahhhh sigh i jus gave boss lots of snippy passive agressiveness i feel like a woman that'll learn him ehh probably give him a heart attack one way or the other 800 X 600 suckz ballz fur real we should not be designing for that IMO nbody uses it think about the processor required <sigh> the level up from taht is fine which makes it a lot easier "the last time we had this discussion, nothing came out of it" i'm in the middle of shrinking that page down does simplec change it to 800X600? god no ummmm then why in the fuck would we change anything else to it? somebody's rationalized it uhhh so you are shrinking the web page to fit a browser at 800x600? yes or OUR browser to 800x600 our web page to fit a browser it really fucks the design eh http://neocyde.net/simplec/test3/test3.html have you shown this to anyone? jason asked me to shrink it good use of the new managment structure these guys are brilliant yeah i asked him about that when he called me earlier indirectly what did he say> "i just want burciago to make sure shit gets done.. i'm still going to be telling you what to do." or something to that effect that makes a lot of sense isn't it the same fucking thing i don't claim to understand ehhh seems ok at 800x600 just a pain for you i'm cutting the large picture off at that height it'll get it closer to fitting in the small simplec brwser alright man i'll talk to you later k laters do you need anything from me? if you do nah ask jasoin i'm good LOL bastards >) feel better... talk to u later laters how u feelinm on the whole better what's up with you? .nada at the office waiting for 3 to show you all have a meeting? yeah good luck with that right thanks Tori Amos to KRS ONe is quite the transition guess who got deleted amos what u up to filling out rebates SSI terms no change scott buttonjs> translating the front page into the other pages scott's buttons ahh and the spanish version whenever Jason gets hold of it good i'm glad he's direct to you already easier for me to make my point it just works out that way i know i was re-reading our IM convo on teh way in brb back werd red hot blues where u get them? get whatA? chips OH red hot blues the Natural Organic grocery story or some shit on walnut past rittenhouse yep across from irish pub that's it mmmmmmm good with white tea how did it go? well you talk to jason i'll just poke my nose in every now and then to check up... but you get deadlines and projects from him are you organizing things? no i mean office materials i'll help him and you try and coordinate deadlines if i can be of help otherwise i'm not doing it better position to be in yeah than being responsible for shit slipping right feel better about it? yeah lots "also,,, i need to decide on a new title" just so i can contact organizations without seeming weird what are the options? cause what VP of HR contacts orgs i dunno VP of Business Operations VP of Administration Developmment? business developtment that's a great resume title werd VP Business Development is good distinct fropm COO exciting eh allows me to work more yeah why would you do this? what idiots yeah when did you say you are coming to town? i didn't say is there a reason for me to come? nah bond ahhh yo that's a good reason ya herd Keflex burps are the worst Maybe tomorrow Maybe friday depends on the weather werd i need new music i just gave you new music when is mother's day dunno sunday may 9th oh hey how convenient ?? i'll be at my mothers lucky bastard convenient irony http://ergh.org/bn/ try those thaks thanks np i just got one of them at 5 mpbs mbps maybe from on campus? dunno i have up to 100 down that's a theoretical max right never in my life have i seen it right http://www.oar.net/oc12/index.shtml we had one of those at the national lab in 1996 but i don't know what it's used for crazy sending nuclear tests to guam probably i mean WTF everquest http://ilx.wh3rd.net/thread.php?msgid=2141869 i'm still all over that specific part of imri at in the lab mornin good morning what's up nada just sayin wassup hi hello talk to maria and say hi done thanks thank you what's today going to be like ? in terms of anything life who knows exactly maybe meet up with maria after work GOOD supposed to rain around 9 tonight? yeah that's later than i thought http://www.weather.com/weather/detail/19104 ahh so i told you that i spoke with jason and told him to do his own job right? not in so many words but hey that's great i just want to reserve the right to be nosy un officially you can be as nosy as you please seems to be the consensus methinks we're going to exercise now i'll be back in hour DO it dewit sweat where? you said you were workin out did you sweat OH well i wouldn't go that far LOL but ha i breathed good work quite what are you up to? screwin with databases at the moment fun for all ages you know how to use access? surely yeah and sql you write queries? depending on your definition of write yes LOL build yep those were the reason i failed OPIM the first time yeah they suck 2 more hours of them then i m downtown http://www.vajacases.com/highres/ivod3g/images/2.html that's the best one i've seend $50 you know what we need ? we need somebody who can write real copy ? like pages and pages of text to fill up space stuff that isn't repetitive dunno what you're talking about ahhh can't youjust copy from internet? hells no why is it that we at most have a paragraph on what our stuff does? nah there's more "three out of five pages on our website have less than 100 words, and one of two remaining is an order form" there's nothing to work with yeah the about us is the longest page really really lean sit e i agree "well, i assume you are proceeding with the slut-site" yeah but no tell me what pages are going to be and where you need more text i will find or produce "what's already there plus a ""partners"" page" lemme send you a file what's on that page ok do you have illustrator? no nm shop did that work? did the file come through? yeah k just the heading? the menu see the pink bar at the bottom with the white text on it? you cut the old farts out? yes no these are the pages inside of the site i have no pink bar with white text "enjoy our 10 day trial..." i have menu oh yes that is in the middle my friend meh yeah yeah eat it that's the intro to each page roughly the same as the bold text we have now on the about page there would be three sections each with this type of heading that's the way i see breaking it up but we have zero text for most of the other pages much less we have no text that pictures would look nice with tell me how much text you want for each page word and paragraph count the copy should end up looking roughly like this: http://www.apple.com/macosx/ paragraphs of description with accompanying screenshots or whatever and a sidebar of other semi-related stuff would be fabulous extra fabuloso i guess the sidebar can wait until we have something else to talk about but i'm sending this conversation to Jason because we need more shit before i do more with the site tell me what you want on what pages/ i don't care what it is as long as it's long decently written and something HA the contact page should be full of shit about the company the trial page should be full of shit about how to try it and how other people have tried it and whatever the about page should have pictures of the people we work with really that's the partners page now but the partners page is supposed to be people we link to who link back to us or some shit reight]\ ok i'm being called to lunch brb cool laters do you need or would you like business cards? sure how many would you go through in the next 6 months 20 ok we can print those here then yup morning and to you what's up i'm beat already.. dear lord! i went for a ride at 6:50 got back to my place at 8 and passed out this morning this was? yeah good day for it? awesome yeah i woke up at 7:15 and did yoga nice what are you up to today? yoga is supposed to be tough dunno i have a meeting at 2pm scheduled in for the always tentative friday 5pm ha i'll be downtown all day we've got to check out Bond julian is supposed to hear from lockheed by today yeah oh yeah? oh shit.. the one on one combat is shit TRUE ahead of its time ? are you kidding? it's horrible no LOL they haven't figured out how to render it yet no way to sight the other person you think the one room idea is better than split window? i don't think it plays better but i think it could be done well i see the point doing my regular friday night thing with Maria i think will be here for rest of day werd ok "well, maybe later this afternoon we go check out bond" sounds good what are you up to in terms of work? good question you still don't have spanish i assume i did an ad for Jason last night no but he never told me if it was going to work pretty much fooling around with the brochure for a minute i guess putting the white top on it and the qrg the website's going nowhere pretty much the only other thing to do is the mouse cursors "yeah, until i come up with some direction and text for the TEA website" but still need more text for simplec i'll work on that this weekend if it is still needed it definitely is i talked to him about it but no committal and? alright he just agreed or something LOL "well, if he doesn't bring it up.... don't bring it up" i'll do it for you k well "for ""us" right its the for FREE part that gets me as well it should whattup doggy nm chief i think i'm on damage control with julian tonight on yeah? yeah what's the story? well "if it weren't damage control, it would be celebration" HA i don't have any details is he already celebrating? but i deduce that he wasn't hired wtf don't ask me mang what did you hear? mik called me lookin for him cause he text messaged her something to the effect that he was upset ahh shiza i'll wait for the full story don't make much sense to me werd miki is all worried about him you've tried to call him i guess yeah only contact today has been with miki two text messages the latter one saying that he just wanted to be alone do you think it's a bad idea to respect that? but she's worried about him being alone when he's so depressed or whtever probably not such a bad idea so long as he isn't doing himself any harm he's going to be really hard on himself do you think it's possible that he would?? i thikn i'm going to leave in a bit and see if i can find him eh i don't think he'd do anything silly ok if that's the case then he should come to you when he's ready TRUE but he's sorta like me in the respect that we don't fall on our friends when we need them the most "you can provide him with the opportunity to put it into context, but ultimately he's has to come to terms with it himself, however he chooses to" oh yeah sure but if i don't put my shoulder out there... put it there by all means werd you at the office? yes what's kicken there dealing with RIDICULOUS SHITE such as? Cartoons drunk hungover sameer? ahhh marketing <sigh> fucking cartoons dude i couldn't even stand there cartoons for what/ i had to walk out of the room to keep from laughing in their face an ad for Beryl ummm an Advertisement why cartoons "so there's no ""race" give me a fucking break LOL word for word wow well pick one is it that fucking hard does every company do this? no it's time consuming and you didn't tell them all this? i told you i was laughing so hard that i had to walk out of the room hahah how did they respond? don't know i haven't been able to pull it together enough to go back "well,, just think it out and go tell them" exactly how and why you feel or \ write it down i'm not dealing with it again until he asks me i got the spanish translations that's just mindboggling spanish? for a spanish version of the program i know what is mind boggling? cartoon s yeah as ads not like so stupid how many of them have you seen a illustration like a cartoon that look good wait like a frame by frame? YES wow that is weak it's sameer's way of trying to micromanage what i do he drew them just ask him for the desired message and a deadline for your first drafts i already gave them that yesterday i don't think he even looked at it lemme see do you have it? yes send it that's pretty strong gets it across i thought so the point is it is so difficult to get cartoons to look good Jason was going to show it to Beryl who was going to change it ANYWAY so it was just to have *something* "they think that you are being stubborn just cause.... if you give them reason , you can work with them on it" i'll talk to jason about it later ok when sameer isn't here good yeah do that nobody likes dealing with sameer "he doesn't help, he takes over" and dictates exactly there's no discussion he has horrible biz relationships with everyone he makes it difficult to be rational its sad i am so much happier when working with jason and scott you and gonzo anyone but sameer he needs to learn to just put his points out ther and not try and choke you with everything let people do their shit ok.... . DONE LOL I am away from my computer right now. alright man out? i think i'm headed home k i'll call you and gzo when i know what i'm doin perfect "the ""e"" in your screenname is now lowercase" whattup with that dunno i didn't change anything oh well what's up nada working have all this email and crap to respond to in light of my mass emailing on friday mass emailing? yeah to who penn people ah were you expecting a response? always not necessary but they do how did saturday turn out? uhhh i didn't know what day it was when i woke on sunday LOL um do you remember talking to me on the phone? psshhh is that a no? yeah LOL burciago yes? you called maria thinking you had called julian's girlfriend werd i don't want to know did you end up going out? dunno and don't want to know Jeezus yeah i'll leave that one alone i had a hard time all day yesterday being awake? yeah i just hurt brb uppercase E now good to know i knew it was bothering you quite did you get gzo's email ? of Ali-G? right gonzo was in DV? yeah for the rally or whatever gf made him go ah ah ha LOL yeah too bad he didn't get a pic of him and ali g i would have definitley forgotten about the rally side jump the fence be part of the action i wonder how roxana's birthday thing went LOL she was pissed that julian and i didn't make it tried to get me to go out yesterday repeatedly i called her at like 4AM to see if they were still out no answer? none oh well rinsed completely rinsed it's supposed to rain all damned day i just closed the windows "no, you're going to be an ugly lady" probably be fat and work as a cashier nobody's going to want to marry you "see, parents aren't allowed to tell you these things" messedup intro what's it from? anti house spiralling ah "i think i like the second one better than the third, but i've only listened to each once" i think i agree so what's new with you? not much turns out the list of words for the spanish version i got is only about half complete werd i bet they are all way too long Leo made abbreviations the list we gave him wasn't the whole list that sux getting my ass whipped in chess by whom zorn_star online like in two minutes ha or less http://www.abilityhub.com/mouse/mousekey.htm errr not that http://www.hearthstoneassisted.com/ what about it check out the fabric on the left yeah? just sayin one of the first times i've seen it i'm tired of designing for old people jason and i talked about the ad today he wants me to find new pictures so he can take it to Beryl and let him change the pictures ha new pictures of what? iceburgs or something ehh ok what does iceberg have to do with us it's cold aight maybe i'm too tired to get it and then again maybe not "i guess we're going for a ""we are the world"" thing now" ahh wind sun icd ice alright man... i'm too fucking tired for this shit i'll talk to you tomorrow later the office what is she doing? rolling around on the floor oh god new iTunes werd? yup i have a question 4.5 that i know i asked before what if i have a set of music on my ipod that isn't on my itunes will that set be overwritten when i sync? theoretically when something syncs it picks the newest date of whatever happened so if you add files they should show up in iTunes yeah but i don't know what the real policy is as far as DRM is concerned only thing you can do is try it "and if its gone, i'll just get it from you again" better yet back the fucker up and try it space issue but i'll figure it out "when i print out letters using the letterhead, there are little dots about half way into the page" and i also had a question about the taper on the right hand side of the black stripe.. it tapers in as you move towards the top has it always been like that? i believe so then it's probably supposed to do that i dunno about the dots aight do you see the smile? oh yeah two smiles? one in white at the top of the black stripe and the one that goes inhto the text the second one is not where the dots are? yes the dots extend as far as the second smile might be the quality at which you are printing it also might be the quality of the graphic inlaid into the template show it to me the next time we see each other alright when are you here next? should i try it at better quality i'm at standard now fri try it see if it changes aight werd it works on hi res k now we need some decent stationary TRUE sameer isn't even using the template i know do you think stationary is important worth the money will make a difference? most people print at least their first pages on good paper http://www.snafu.com/Rotation.html i have a question lemme know when you have a min ? ok background info.... printing a report in MS Access which has a sample copy of that same form printed on the back that sample was previously derived from a BMP file basically a screenshot of the form k do you think it would be best to continue use of bmp or use a jpg or gif are you constrained by file size? no i don't think so anyway doesn't make a difference then IMIO usually they are large batches of the same form they are timesheets that get printed for all summmer weeks it might print faster if you switched to gif is bmp better quality? eh i don't think bitmap compresses the image alright thanks np iPod Agent i think is the software i might use right row order normal or interlaced for gif normal kruder and dorfmeister never dissapoint have you heard about Today Show and NY Times? ? we're def going to be in the Times and might be on today show good "at this point, the only thing i really want to hear is that they've sold 10,000 copies" werd all this press is good for what? that lets hope do you know when this is going to happen? ny times called yesterday or so so prob take a couple weeks and I just helped jason with the email to the today show last night "if it actually does, i would like to have the new site up before it happens" makes sense what is the status of the site? waiting on content ahhh yes how long after you get the content? the layout is done as far as i know alright i'm putting in the last tour graphics right now then a review to see if they want to make it longer and then? ok i work with idiots at penn its amusing what is the idiocy du jour? these time sheets they were printing out tons yesterday nobody proofread shit then i went back to find that there were all kinds of errors... much less the missing sample shot my boss asked ME why it wasn't caught "and i gave the general ""because nobody proofread it" "i'm not responsible for the programs, just for making the behind the scenes shit work" there is a person who's entire job is to manage this off-campus work-study program hilarious and she was completely oblivious to the entire thing not even realizing it's her job to review all these documents lucky for her it's a university job yep i need some sort of game that looks like work when its on the screen sounds like you want to make games for a living no no... play games i'd be content if i could access my laptop remotely i'd sit here and organize my music call gonzo and tell him to wake it up whattup? isn't your laptop in the office? ahhh i see i have to clear XP home and put XP Pro slightly larger proposition right such a pain in the ass i wish i has a30gb hd so i could just image mine over to it http://www.neocyde.net/simplec/web-content/tour.html apple biter looks good will the menu rollover? at some point Tour is not a menu option whattup with that index ? yup i'm a genius http://www.neocyde.net/simplec/web-content/ don't ever tell me the truth about that one i like the image flow on the tour top left to bottom right i thought you might i'm a simple being simplicity is tough to achieve i've become fairly adept at splicing high levels of condascending undercurrent into my reply emails are you asking to get fired? not at all i'm having fun at work mikey this is a penn job what fired? please tedi got fired from his for no reason or excuse me reduces ahah TRUE but this is harmless "Hi Peter or Dan, I am having problems with the site and need Instruction to log in a s a new coordinator and to make anew job description. Do you have electronic version of these forms?" "Ms. Wintering,  First, as written in the SEMS Overview, SEMS Coordinators do not have the ability to create job descriptions. The role of the SEMS Coordinator, as described in the Overview, is ""...simply to monitor and approve their department's work-study supervisors and jobs. This role was created in order to provide departments with added visibility and control over funds allocated towards the work-study program.""Second, in order to become a SEMS Coordinator, you must complete the SEMS Access Request Form, available in the Coordinator Login section under ""How to Apply"". Simply print out this form and return it to our office via mail or fax. Finally, the SEMS Access Request Form is intentionally a hard copy form so as to provide us with records of both Coordinator and Business Administrator signatures. Please let me know if you have any further questions. I have included website addresses below for your reference." the first paragraph is why people hate working at penn that situation? that attitude "why are you bothering me" mikey what she failed to read anything about the system it's easier to ask you exactly its easier to do nothing and just call someone and have them do it for you Edgwired: the first paragraph is why people hate working at penn implies WORK implies mountains of bureaucracy i'm providing them with complete control over whatever the hell they want to do use the system don't use it fine it is very simple eh. i had to read it twice the overview? yes alright then i'll change the shit ha at least we're getting somewhere these idiots don't even read it tell her to go back and read it i can't do that and ask you if she doesn't understand it yeah basically right send her the second paragraph alright youre coming to philly tomorrow right? yes are you staying th enight? likely werd i'm on severe financial rationing though fair enough me too i've decided to pay for my bike in cash you me maria hangin sounds good we could go to the market and pick up some good ingredients for dinner or whatever cooking is a great idea think of what you want to eat pad thai werd i'll be learning that one for the first time you bring your laptop and i'll bring my ipod and maybe my laptop too maybe ps2? yes! kewl remember the part where you were frustrated because no one proof read the form? yeah the number at the top of our brochure has been wrong all this time uhh what is the number? seven four six not seven five six swwet awesome oh well exactly there's some guy on the corner of 16th and walnut just belting out songs as loud as he can horrible like he's auditioning for american idol he's having a happy day man can't argue with that and i just had the butteryiest raisin roll ever LeBus style how is the website shit coming i think i am going to work on the content with jason tonight for simplec.com i'm done with it for now it's what you saw this morning cool i saw the TEA header or at least what you sent to jason "Our program, SimpleC, is unique because it is designed with the computer novice in mind. SimpleC eases the transition to computer proficiency with step-by-step instructions, single click access, and large intuitive buttons." "SimpleC has proven its success in Philadelphia area senior centers by providing easy computer access to those who, up until now, have been afraid or unable to use computers. For more information, please visit our website www.simplec.com Regards, Dan Burciago" http://purchasing.sunrise-sl.com/requestinfo.asp sounds fine to me thanks have you posted the corrected brochure? yes thanks i like the front of the new brochure i like the front of the new brochure "yeah, they're all pretty much the same now" suzanne said that we can get the correct pad thai rice noodles from trader joes TRUE you're going to have to fold these i suck at it gonzo what about him have him fold them they aren't scored enough but gonzo will hook it up "he says ""yeah right" tell him noel said to same answer tell him I'm trying to show him the money look have this conversation directly in the meantime these brochures remain unfolded aight why is it that the text that is designed to introduce the tour says nothing about the tour? or a tour or generally i plan on reworking the entire text for the index page LOL oh good or fix it yourself those are your options "in the meantime, jason is fixing what you fixed" or something we have feedback in the loop my thesis advisor managed to write a sticky to himself to change my grade I am away from my computer right now. from what to what? heh? grade oh NO IDEA from nothing to something "Read a SimpleC Review"" ?" for the third column? are you proposing? "instead of ""Some Other Random Shit" jason and i made something yeah? AH Learn about SImpleC Success yes k what you and i will do is take whatever we have from me and jason print it out and review it later k but you can work with what is ther now right the tour thing doesn't fit anyway however i do like how you changed pronounced Simple See to the Simple Computer a lot werd Maria's going to be in the burbs until around 7 ahh so we are left to our own devices muahahahaha she does want to cook tho i think aight i think i'm goign to get something to eat then k cause we won't eat til 8 if we wait prolly good idea may do that myself what time you ready to leave at? whenever do you have a need to come here? not really k call me when you get home alright i need someone to carve out the back of my head feel up to the job? sure great when can we start? are you in philly we can start now why are we carving out the back of your head? i just came through philly on the way back from dickinson but didn't stop tedi brought me home what are you up to? nada you? working at penn about to leave in a bit putting myself back together and uploading the box for jason and probably doing the other pages of the site and linking up the menu etc yeah good deal how was the rest of your weekend epic i had a really great time did they end up going out after dinner? um yeah rox and the girls did jason and scott might have everyone else went home how far did you get into Bond? haven't i think i may have lost all my progress somehow not that i mind right i am close to having consolidated my music its such a pain ha moving it all around and such i just have to download from the ipod now how much is there? and find the duplicates i don't know cause i haven't merged the two yet i finally figured out the process tho yeah? its such a fucking pain by design? yea apple fucked it all up to protect the copyrights? i don't know probably its stupid tho or it's just poorly designed? its just the entire problem of not being able to truly sync i wonder how many people try to do what you're doing who knows i mean its just a ppain in the ass once you have files on your ipod that you don't have in itunes and you don't know which ones don't match right if I just knew which artists or whatever that i got from you it would be tons easier in this case i had to export all my songs from the itunes folder to another folder "putting all the files in one folder, not separated by artist" then i will download alll the ipod songs into another single folder then i will past them from the one folder to the other allowing overwrite THEN i will have one collectin good lord do you have enough space for all that? yeah barely http://www.apple.com/isync/ yeah that does shit "i guess it makes that whole process easier if you have a Mac, but i've never tried to use it" the point is that they don't let you go the other way no matter what "i think this might, because it's date-based" maybe not though they might just be talking about the calendar yeah the calendar and contacts and stuff all that works great the way its supposed to just the music they screw with definitely by design i deleted some of the stuff i knew i already have on my laptop to make it faster when i pull everytying down from the ipod i had already started to immport from ipod into the same folder as i ahd put all the itunes music in but the dumbass software would make _1.mp3 extensions on the names instead of prompting for delete which was infuriating heh what software are you using? iPod Agent this is supposed to help you? it allows you to pull all of you mp3's off your ipod whereas apple only lets you push up to the ipod from itunes k sucka mr t? is that you? just finished the website text with gypsy who in the hell is gypsy JPZ gypsy i SEE said the blind man i suppose that's convenient as i'm just finishing up what i was doing with the website yeard can i see negro tonk i'll post it let me know yoink where are u posting? neocyde.net ok i had a few suggestions about the site such as? just that the links be white text instead of blue or black http://neocyde.net/simplec/web-content/ when rollover you mean in the menu? yeah white won't stand out here. lemme send you the file for text let me know if you have any qs k switch the mission statement at the end for urs and put yours on the smilingscreens site eh? gonzo will have to do that werd everything good? so far aight... "jason asks how you feel about the ""pie incident" which incident was this? "and has been suggesting that you bring an ""extra"" pie for the next occasion" "you know, you an maria taking the last pie of the evening" dude half of the other fucking pie was there when we left ummm... you wouldn't have believed the panic which occured when the second pie went missing it was torture "you see two pies come in the door, you expect no pies to leave" painful tell jason it showed up at a fashion show where intensely hot girls consumed it lasciviously "why wasn't I invited?" "alright, i'm off to the girls place..... when are you coming to philly next" likely tomorrow alright.. see you then in the afternoon "yup, i'm going to try to go see Kill Bill with Tedi if you're interested" 1 or 2 2 i've yet to see 1 alright maybe i'll try and see 1 before but we'lll talk k night we need to get the website up before end of wednesday laters what's the deal are you in phillly yup nice how did that text turn out? well i'm going to finish the last few pages today we may need a little more for the reviews page alright shouldn't be a problem jason and I have become quite the cheese machine "yeah, press it out cheez whiz" i just scored us a lot of furniture too oh yeah? from where? fucking great dude from my offce here at penn it's nice shit? like 5 swivell rolly chairs two nice tables a really nice office set CHAIRS! all kinds of chairs yay for chairs fur real how we gonna get? have to get a truck later this month good deal i just went over to see Maria yeah FREE frizee paid for by the endowments of overfunded children fur real check it "otherwise,,, the people who manage this building were going to CHARGE to dispose of it" "file cabinets, credenza, nice desk, tables, chairs rolly and not, etc etc" ha from grad towers? yeah why are they getting rid of it? caus we are moving out oh yeah? to where? Franklin Building ahhh what the hell is that it's suppsed to be text "Partners Smiling Screens works with many organizations and individuals. Listening and gathering knowledge, SimpleC makes the computer easier than ever. Read how our program has helped others." which page does that go on? Partners ehhh nevermind we were wasted right Scrap it k that's more of an about us page might be useful there but that means we still don't have a partners page right that should go on the reviews page but the second sentence is awkward and it probably needs more text "By Working with many orgs and inds, smiling screens is able to offer complete software, hardware, educational and advertising solutions. Our partnerships have been an integral part to the successful development of SimpleC. Our goal is to >>>>>>>>>>>from SSI page, or some other source<<<<<<<<<<<<<. If you have questions, or are interested in partnering with Smiling Screens, please contact us at info@smilingscreens.com." great tx that'll do for now anyway np k thursday NY TIMES k do they have everything they need? who? the artice l? not sure talk to jason as soon as you see him or give him a call he's here alright ask him also ask him what section "i hope so" if they'll link to our site etc "Circuits" probably so burciago where is the text on the web button in the tour? i sent it to you last night its mostly just about the button one trailer sentance about click and you'll be using the web in seconds what did you envision going there? "In the ""Practiced an Online" Tutorial > ? anything but greek really i can't find it send me a link to the page so i can se http://neocyde.net/simplec/web-content/tour.html shit ok "Quit struggling with small buttons. SimpleC uses large buttons with test and symbols. Tese buttons allow you to relax your eyes, giving you room to click without strain or hassle. Click on ""Web"" and use the Internet, instantly." more web grrrrrrrrr ok did you have anything in mind points? "Jason says ""half buttons half web with buttons so great and look web so great" that's almost word for word my issue is that if it's more about the buttons than the web then i should change the graphic which is not a big deal "Explore the Internet without fear. SimpleC gives you the power to keep the Internet under control. Free of cluttered browser windows and annoying pop-ups, ""Web"" makes surfing the Internet a breeze. Let SimpleC make your computer what it should be, easy and hassle free." great thanks see you in a bit "By Working with many orgs and inds, smiling screens is able to offer complete software, hardware, educational and advertising solutions. Our partnerships have been an integral part to the successful development of SimpleC. Our goal is to >>>>>>>>>>>from SSI page, or some other source" https://www.collegeatupenn.com/ dburciago Joinme3 want the partners text? sure shit what is that no idea firewall email k sent great works for me do you want to move the text from the reviews page over? nah keep it k isss cool k in that case i'll put this in and then you both can review it and that will be it werd jason is drafting an email to you and gonzo with other things to do k WHOA The WNBC news chopper in New York crashed it's live towelheads shhhh they're listenting live on tv? yup from another helicopter oh the irony do you have specific links you want these to go to? and is Benefits Check Up one word? yes one word specific links............... www.aarp.org www.benefitscheckup.org www.philaseniorcenter.org www.tech-house.upenn.edu weak story on the chopper i don't think they know what happened? http://www.wnbc.com/news/3269249/detail.html http://neocyde.net/simplec/web-content/index.html philadelphia senior center appears orange the rest appear blue psc rollover is blue "less space after aarp and the ""Call 1866....." "contact us page... cust support and send us feedback are orange,,, tell a friend is blue" cust spport and send us roll over blue blue is visited orange is unvisited aight could be confusing it's not do me a favor yes will you look and see if my power cord is next to the printer? sure u gots no juice buahahahah yes it is fuck kk you have 11 minutes alright... i think the links should always roll over so people always know its a link dan the way the links are done right now is pretty standard i also had the idea of creating SimpleC esq buttons for the links on contacts page but it creates inconsistencies when you have one oragne and three blue and the blue's don't light up when you rollover clear your history i understand how it works leave it for now what do you think about a phone icon button for customer support eh... nevermind don't worry about that kind of stuff just decide what you want the content to be ok k that's it i'm out aight laters coming to get cord? maybe mikee dan there's a job posted for teaching english to japanese and korean kids if you're interested here or there? here is it a permanent position? so it would be a good resume builder if you eventually wanted to go nah one sec k http://www.sfs.upenn.edu/seo/jrs_php4/searchjob3.php4?id=546 thanks it's already ended though? ehhh they must have screwed up the dates it was just posted k i approved it 2 min ago i'm def looking for a summer job werd $12 an hour is good yup "and it's only like 5 hours a week, which is perfect" right i'll take my cut bi weekly ;) ha in pies LOL *snicker* "you gave me a dj shadow song, live at lowlands?" likely trying to figure out the set list for that performance there's a hot song on there i want to get studio got it from slsk what do you think about the idea of turning the user section into a flash presentation? instead of tutorials they can actually use? still tutorials works the same way oh loads differently i see what you mean yeah just have it as an option tho cause not everyone will have flash they will if they're using simplec that's the only problem right so... but those people don't come to our site yeah they do but i don't care if they do isn't that where they're directed when they open up the browser? i want the people who have not yet paid money for simplec the real reason i'm bringing it up is because it makes the menu a LOT easier to deal with i know the only way we could spin that is if we listed all the programs that are included in simplec adobe flash ie "and put it in such a way that lets them know if they download or buy simplec, they have no problems loading any file, including flash" "there would be issues with using those names tho.. adobe, macromedia, microsoft" nah they all have loose policieis what about icons they have specific icons for the programs? yes are you in contact with jason this morning ? no do you think there woudl be legal issues putting those icons on our website? do you think it would call attention to an area of our program that we don't want attention? brb when was the last time you stepped through the User site? ummm last night which part tho? the categories jason and i went through the internet part last night k the categories I don't believe I have ever looked at don't i'm changing them ok i have some changes for the internet part k as does jason i got an email from jason but that's what i'm doing today so .. you want me to send you my changes later? asap ok as soon as I get to the office how are we going to make sure this all gets posted by tomorrow? 2.5 hrs umm well what don't you have done? the pages for simplec.com are don e right the pages for the user site are not if i get the user site done i want all of it posted before the article runs aye aye CAPTAIN only because i'm probably going to work my ass off to get them done how are you doing it? flash? no or just regular html and it will line up ? dunno yet is there a particular reason we don't list amazon in our shopping section? not that i know of $10 says there's some insane reason inane right we need to reconfigure the buy page k that's gonzo's deal reconfigure how https://www.simplec.com/clientorder/ to make it fit in the new site design i told him to put the menu at the top and i guess reapply the stylesheet i think we are going to link to the forms tutorial as weel well and also use the buy page as the example in the forms tutorial if that makes sense "um, sort of" as long as they don't actually order when they use it there but then again ahahah it doesn't make a lot of sense the idea is that if you don't know how to fill out a form we'll show you how eh "i mean, if you don't know how to use a form" not the exact order form you aren't going to be ordering that's confusing anyway AN order form is ok alright it can stay as it is we'll just link to the tutorial from the order page "should the ""Call 1-866....."" be at teh bottom of the order page?" yes and gonzo has what he needs to make these changes? no not yet also "if you are in the site, say on the partners page, or contact page, etc... there is no title or indication of what page you are on" there should be i've put titles in the files all the contact us forms need to have the right font all gonzo stuff right? yes we should have a canadian pharmacy in the health section do it http://www.canadadrugs.com/index.php?REF=googleGeneralWords/keyword=canadapharmacy looks good right? yes does www.smilingscreens.com load slow as dillzzz for you too? always great it's teh way the page is coded damnit alright the entire site is one page it all loads in the front right because frames are against the rules or something who makes changes to that site? gzo? text changes yeah i really don't want him fucking with the layout not at all just text changes changing my position sameer had some changes too and take peck off and solt and onur unless you think that's mean or something ?? what' smean taking htem off? yeah fuck that werd lol ? we are ALL penn people good stuff good lord i had forgotten i hadn't noticed losing peck and solt makes us all penn "losing" ha peck was lost to begin with IMO i like the smiling screens website so do i it hasn't needed any work since it got posted i agre e i don't think it will for some time let's hope http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/Northeast/05/05/helicopter.crash.ap/index.html boring they walked away! yeah even more boring "all right chief, we'll see how boring it is the next time you step in a news helicopter" i've been in a helicopter its the shit but reading about a lil crash is not i bet you didn't crash land and the WALK AWAY look at that fuckin thing it's a mess i saw the video it was a pretty harmless landing broke its fall on a 4 story and landed on a two story i'm sure that shit hurt HAHAhahahaaaaaaa but falling from two stories isn't that big of a deal lucky bastards relatively speaking yeah curious as to why it crashed cnn says it clipped a building that was after it was already out of control from what i saw "not too long after i rode in a helicopter above the grand canyon, a chopper crashed, killing 7 or so" in the grand canyon gonzo won't have the forms with the menus by tonight it was a act of congress just to get him to apply a six line style sheet uhhh ok what was the problem with the style sheet the stylesheet for the site defines the colors of the links and the text size/line height i have a mix you're going to love aight how large? 80Mb we'll save that for in person k alrightr i have a question what's that is the rest of the site going to be up by tomorrow morning? gonzo is giving me a ration of shit over absolutely nothing nevermind... talk to gonzo he's being stupid on purpose and it's pissing me the fuck off treat him as stupid as he acts i find that works well where are you at? office why are you busy? nah what you need one sentence descriptions of the six tutorials on the user site do you know the user site is supposed to fit inside SImpleC\? i was just told the exact opposite of that by who jason no no no he just asked me if you knew that it is supposed to fit inside simplec NOT 800X600 "the user site that we are using in the program size for 800x600" unquote The user site that we are using in the program. Size for 800X600. is that how it supposed to read ? that's how i read it he must have had a brain lapse well guess what it should fit in SimpleC what am i guessing it wouldn't be a guess if i told you you quit good guess but no give me a break yeah can we just get all this shit done for today it's going to be 800x600 isn't that just more work for later? it's less work for now as long as the new site is up and fully functional tomorrow I don't really care right we can change the size of the tutorials tomorrow or whenever soon "for right now, it would be best if we could have it fit in SimpleC... if that is not possible, then do what you have to" where the fuck is Jason outside he'll be right back what's the problem "onzalohbriceno@hotmail.com says: (5:28:38 PM) I cannot appreciate the stylesheet with the forms because there is almost no content. Send me a screenshot via email of what one of these forms will look like." his phone is here i know what the forms should look like menu bar on top form call us at bottom done au contraire we're not even talking about the menu we're talking about the fucking FONT what's the deal with the font didn't you give it to him? i'm sending you these conversations you can figure it out we're going to call you on the conference phone check your email first "all he's saying, as i understand it from him" is that there is no content yet now that completely different from what i understand it to be ok situation is you gave him details on how to define text and etc he does not have content so is waiting for content and i'm supposed to be the one that has it? how about this "my understanding is that he doesn't understand what these pages are supposed to ""look like"" and he wants me to do this shit for him" just do the entire site however you want it done and send the files and we will post as is no recoding "I DON""T HAVE THOSE FUCKING PAGES" right "gonzo coded those pages, if i make those pages they aren't going to use his PHP scripts" he has the formes and all i'm asking him to do is apply the style of the other pages to the forms ok that's done and this has been a two hour waste of TIME its done as soon as you send the rest of the page it is done do your 800X600 for the user site jason is here do you want to speak with him? can i call you? im is fucking all this up call cell?\ home? 8568456586 yall were missing each other something fierce i'm not entirely convinced that we were. i think somehow you were oh well lemme know if you need anything else i'm working on the sentences thanks where are the sentances going? on the right hand side of the entire tutorial window? of the menu structure like a directory/ right ok i've just realized it's going to have to use frames wait maybe not somehow i worked my way around it on the smiling screens website i'm wondering if i'm going to have enough time to do the lessons themselves ready for the sentences? email them i'll be ready for them in about a half hour k sent tx np will you ask Jason about the amazon thing? yeah no reason i'm replacing uBid with Amazon ok i trust you what did you pick out for the canada drugs? i found it cool sorry was in other room np http://neocyde.net/user/ money shopping and health sub menu's go off the page scrolling is a necessary feature at least for the HTML version werd and if you click to tutorials from simplec it will automatically take you to the tutorials submenu? in an ideal world that we don't happen to live in it will probably take you to a seperate page for tomorrow it will take you to a separate page? probably so ok works for me "sameer can yell through six choruses of the Doughnut Song, half of Amber Waves, and right on through Remind Me" how goes it just woke up... you> eh not much are you coming to city? "no, i was there yesterday" ah wondering if you can modify my b-card template modify how? VP Business Development oh sure sweet thanks I'm on cleanup this week werd let me know if I can help with anything ok thanks i think i'm going on shopping spree today save ur money where's the fun in that not to mention the STUFF what are you getting? "promedia - 400 studio tvr - 300 lunar - 160 lacie - 300 d4000 - 350 millenium - 150 sonica theater - 120 playstation 2 - 150 bond - 50 edirol - 200" i bought the hard drive this morning https://www.lacie.com/products/product.htm?id=10029 did you see the screenshot in the paper? no should i ? eh we have copies its just cool there's a screenshot you can even read the fucking buttons which paper? NYTIMES which screenshot? umm entire web? ummm yes how was the article ? eh nothing bad was said do you think it will generate business? well already have emails one from a guy in france nuts asking for a french version oh ha tell him to learn spanish werd i bought PS2 jackass what games Bond i would have sold you mine probably http://store.klipsch.com/details.asp?ProdID=56 and those you beat it? nah over it? you trying to live up to my stereo and speakers? not really... but i can always use cash ;) have you gotten to the motorcycle yet? yeah that's the shit i just figure i'll be spending a lot of timein my a/c room this summer TRUE we'll have to check out other games too yeah i got it so i can practice what's goin on with you? 'nothing sluttin it out emailing people fwding the article so that's like a big deal what do you think we do now? ummm apparently Time magazine has an interest in doing an article because of people we know or because of other press we've generated? both i assume question is where in the hell am i going to plug this in the article? the subwoofer ahhh in a corner yeah? yeah how about under the bed? eh yeah you could but the bed is going to absorb a lot i'm hoping it will turn into giant vibrator want to give yourself about a foot from any wall too it isn't solid enough put it in a corner 1ft from each wall and you'll be set how to run cords to other speakers? doesn't come with? "yes, but the length" i think i figured out something werd having fun with your toys?\ i set them up and then went back to working i'll play with it later what are you working on? the user site that the program directs you to putting in the descriptions gotcha what's up with you? nada chillin at miki's came to feed the cat hangin out in the AC\ ha i feel that i'm trying to wait as long as possible to put mine in but the way things are going going to be about two more day s unless you are in a basement with a fan "yo, our basement stays nice" TRUE seriously maybe that will be my summer quarters that was my habitat for years i always wanted to live in our basements play music loud haha cool TRUE dark easy exit haha i used to live down there before i left the second time YUP no disturbances stomp when food is ready HAHA "with this new sub, i'm going to have to move down there" doesn't compare to your speakers tho that or i'm just deef ha i have two subs ahhhhh don't feel bad buahahahahhahahahh i can only get two speakers to work at a time right now need the dongle for my powerbook what's up with that? to have surround what is your source headphones jack right unless you had a splitter and to y's "which, is basically what that thang is" "i drove to moorestown, cc, and king of prussia looking for it today" http://www.m-audio.com/index.php?do=products.main&ID=eee876ef2e6cbb4ac377f83c406e8885 that "this ""dongle"" you speak of.... it connects thorugh headphone?" ok http://www.formac.com/p_bin/ and that are tomorrows paycheck that's hot so hot only thing NOBODY sells it have to order online going to hook up playstation to powerbook to speakers buahaha that is hot mac damnit as you can see i've decided to forgo the bike for the time being i finished my list of work ? yes did you make me a bcard template? god damnit yup get my email? i just checked my email got my 250 Gb drive this morning damn g i kno for digi v going to NY to edit this weekend ? digi v? edit? who say what digital video what of? tom's stuff haven't seen it yet remember the format we used to send the bcards to Taus? vaguely do you have it anywhere? i want to get cards printed for scott and myself i'll check wasn't there a bleed on either side? all sides if my memory serves me correctly how much? 1/8? maybe so have to make another alright how was your weekend? good i'm in brooklyn going to have lunch with Freank nice tell him i said hello surely what you up to eh at the office headed back home soon dry some pants go to lunch with suzanne's family are you sans pants? oh Kool i had brunch and dinner with them last night gradgitation happens today and yesterday yeah i need to start working on my own gradumacation i though you was done? nah i still have a year no shit yeah you're going back? like a dark ass cloud over my head dude.. i have to i don't think i'd be able to live with myself if i didn't ha at least try full time? part time then full time is probably how it will go "actually,,, no" 4 classes in fall doing it this year? yes i'm so sick of thinking about it from family? eh not so much pressure from them ijust feel like a loser basically ha don't its about stability and future too it's inconsequential in grand scheme it would just be nice to have that to fall back on as the saying goes riiight like i'm evar going to use my degree for anything except annoying sameer hahahha that's down right cruel i like it "yeah, suits me fine" illustrator? for these cardsA? or PDF? pdf i think so i'm making a flash presentation for? SimpleC nice you took this upon yourself? no was requested ? by Sameer and Jason nice for a bellsouth presentation sounds good hmm have any idea when it is? no idea i thought it was soon but they say i can take week and a half meh i'd build in some buffer for revisions and requests they seem unable to grasp that concept well esp sameer it was like "do a tour" and i said what do you want on it? and he said you know the applicatoins and the buttons and the levels and shit like that so i'm coming up with the whole thing myself and if there is the slightest bitching post fact going to be serious problem sigh this is how you all choose to work i tried i asked i begged better though because i can come up with better tour yeah i'd make it slutty it's pretty slutty email? web? only intro is done ah "i'd do web,,, and have the page go to something relevent to further sales to seniors" after it loads with SimpleC or Smiling Screens "if you want to talk it over,,, let me know" k np i'm happy to brainstorm i'm going to work on the way home "thanks for the cards,,, i'll probably order them tomorrow" np anything else I can do ? "nah," i'm going to take a shower aight mang... me too laters later how's it going? very very well how are you doing? decent in'laws are gone so that's good did you enjoy lunch? eh service sucked balls where did you go white dog daniel says hu hi send him my highest regards good morning whattup waking up what's upw ith you? i'm dealing with a mean hangover it's amazing i was able to drag this corpse out of bed this morning celebrated the end o school? yes smith and wollensky style filet crab meat hollandaise wine irish coffee cigars makers daniels good lord rich as balls i've been gorging myself on someone elses dollar for a solid two days ha my abdomen is sore from expanding and contracting you're going to shit like a champ gzo is a dirty businessman in the sense that when he goes out and gets a lil drunk he looks all ruffled... wearing a button down and etc it was so funny Haha can totally see him at a japanese strip club or something like that LOL so it was the whole crew then? nah just me jules and gonzo..... this was after jules parents left and miki went to bed AhhhhHh yeah dirty's the word jules and miki got into a squabble at dinner... it was funny lord about? julian's dad ripped on him so bad taht was hilarious about something really inconsequential julian's dad had a picture of him with all his cap gown garb and julian with his hand up near his nose/mouth showed the digital picture to everyone and said "first crack-head to graduate college" LOL OH SHOT hahahahaaaaaaa yes pop twas I who shot the sherrif funny as hell continued "where's my fix" LOL man sorry i missed that little exchange was Julian laughing? yes we were all laughing our asses off for most of the meal mmmm... good times so today i'm going to run by you and Jason the dialogue for the flash tour because i need to know what it should say alrighty rooster before i do the thingy and i've got your invoice done if you want to take a look at it nice i doubt if i'll be functioning at an acceptable level today but yes i would like to have a look yes........ yes....... tank u beddy much the downloadable versions of the qrg and the the beginners thing are going up on the ftp site excellent what else i feel like its xmas you want to see the gist of the TEA website? yeah if i can find pictures i think the buttons will rollover into actual images i like the idea nice layout it's supposed to be like a nostalgic go-back-to-school thing like a standardized test sort of or something or those workbooks you used to get i think that's everything i know about so far i like the blues maybe more contrast damn i really like the colors heh there's a darker blue i'll see how it looks i get all anxious to play when you show me stuff like this ha arggghhhhhhhhhhh i am fighting right now stomach flipping over and over V8? seriously i think i need to go get some that shit works wonders dewit i don't know about the font under the TEA logo i tried all the sans serif fonts i have but none of them stood out well enough "esp with the letter ""e" so i tried Georgia which is like the oldest font i know of to go with the nostalgic thing werd its all you i'm off to find v8 k mmmm the juice of life v8 and a sausage and egg precisely alls you need now is a widdle wodka to go with eh i need to go back to sleep so sleep with head on keyboard maybe yes i'm on breakfast train too did i show you the final version of the SEO site? nine i'm finally at peace OH YES? my god yeah seriously we have all sorts of things putting themselves to bed i've officially stopped worrying about it www.sfs.upenn.edu/seo ooo like ben pic time for celebrate yeah... i had to play with it a bit if you zoomed in on a high res version you would see that i retouched the left side of his face what wrong with face/ "it was too ""shiny" like the reflection point was all blank looked silly "so i stamped him some more ""color" he had shingles i thin k lol or wit well wit too but scarred face ? mebbe ? terrible teeth? something i'm just happy to be done with it i never liked the other pic no shizzy i've learned a lot in the past year about making websites the design aspect anyway right you will do again? yeah i was mocking one up friday a personal one that i would do whatever i wanted with i'm such a big fan of simplicity black background... grey/white text menu etc keep buy domain i like drawing it out in photoshop right you need working copy of illustrator yeah and golive thought you had golive? me too i was wrong it's amazing how well everything works on the SEO site... given that it was all trial and error as i went i want to make a site for myself dewit but i want so much out of it problem is: can work on for years and never put up seriously seriously i just got offered bcards for SEO ha lord i would then be double fisting HAHA and i could choose my own title Webmaster no SHIT System Administrator whatever careful careful i don't even know how to categorize what i do right? systems consultant works well that doesn't sound bad i told him i didn't need any MEH march yourself back in there and tell him you want thousands what would i use them for who cares free shit right and useful in long run but i have to have a reason card castle no a big one to tell bos s looking for new job evangelizing the fucking site tell him to put web address on card on payroll can't be consultant hurry think think think System analyst o boy that's a stretch def don't want admin tho eh analyst Mine says IT Analyst for what i did at wharton that's not bad abbreviated like that? IT yes or Information Technology Analyst hmm Meh IT Analyst "Consulted with the division director on technology applications. Conceptualized intraweb front-end. Gathered and analyzed stakeholder feedback data." IT ha DONE IT Analyst what ajoke precisely ok what email should i forward this to this is hilarious eh i'll copy and paste Subject: Not Yet Approved "Hi, I modified job #3559 in May 3 but it is still not approved. Please help take a look at your earliest convenience since I am desperately looking for a student worker. Thanks, George (Jiantong) Yu Senior IT Support Specialist The Wharton School University of Pennsylvania 3733 Spruce Street, Vance Hall 210 Philadelphia, PA 19104 (215) 746-4712" that's a fucking IT Support Specialist who can't read and can't figure out a very very basic interface how appropriate "Senior IT Support Specialist" maybe you should be Senior? "Like ""Grand Master IT Analyst" eh i don't want to bite off that much i do like the idea just to put you relative to the other geeks yeah man... i don't need it "if I need to boast,,, i'll do it in conversation" or on my resume IT Anal is enough IT Asshole i wish i could just come out and put that on there some places might let you maria's havin it rough with tedi and shit hav eyou talked to her about it? i didn't know that something was amiss eh she's bored this i know but she also has men lining up to get with her to which i suggested that she not pursue because it will only add confusion ha TRUE she est conforked but if she's going to be with Tedi then get fucking married already cuz this well together-but-not thing i told her to make a damn decision right don't make no sense exactly good unified front lynard skynard "isn't as good as led zepplin, IMHO" agreed "however, i hear them differently" different concepts operating probably fleetwood mac does it for me everyonce in a while yeah not often tho just nice to have around little to emotional or something "STop draggin my, stop dragging my, stop draggin my heart around." sing it i wish i had stock photos to play with did peck hit you up today? no i think he knows better by now at least i hope he does he said hi to me i ignored i'm not going to use photo rollovers right now it would be nice but going to take too long to find the right images eyah i see what you were talking about when you said you wish you had stock i just sent an email to the unholy trinity about it the only thing that pisses me off anymore is sameer yo i'll let you in on a little secret of mine "if you only talk to him like once a month, it's not that bad" yeah that's been my tactic i don't even care to see him outside of work at this point much less at work i usually enjoy him socially but i can not stand the yelling yeah seriously the entire whining attitude i have enjoyed his company socially before... but anymore I cannot keep the work experiences out of my mind he wouldn't exist in my world if he weren't paying for it LOL ouch well... we've covered taht one "yeah, i expect that at some point he'll have the balls to say something to me, and that will be it" the rest of my options vest in two weeks less than werd i'm wondering if we're going to renegotiate renegotiate what? your pay? the contract in general i think project basis is best i don't specifically because "i often i'm waiting on things i don't control to get a project finished, and would therefore be waiting on things i can't control to get paid" if they want to change it to a project basis i might as well work for someone who will pay the rate that most people get for projects like these on a schedule that's reasonable yep so you think it would be better to look for other work? that is entirely up to you "yeah, but you have more information than i do" not really if you are asking me about your job security i'd give you the opinion that you needn't worry good because although you can't tell i really like the way things are the bullshit isn't really more than anywhere else and the work is ideal and the flexibility is ideal the only thing that i see happening more often than i think is digestable is your stubbornness with certain issues HAha Daniel Frank and I talked about this that's about as frank as it gets a lot actually many times you have good reasons and when explained... i think you sway more than you think oh sure other times your just stubborn as shit not as stubborn as you think because really that's just a front right so i can decide but and i know it is but others don't it's sort of built in you know? instinctual and they are put off by it more will probably change as i get too old to argue much or care right you should care a bit less about what you do for SSI in my opinion yeah we're getting there not like lower quality work just not feeling that the website or brochure or whatever... is static and on display in the M. Edgcumbe gallery... open for critique by the worlds artists ha other half of that is it's what i'm going to use to try to get into art school so in a sense it really is right but you could also submit other versions "this is the version I was told to make by the jackass employer..... THIS is what I thought it should be" i still keep the concepts nothing gets developed as much as the actual product though right but when it comes to making a rollover or not HAHaha right? yeah you get the point definitely that's the kind of stuff that i'm just fronting on because it doesn't speed anything up because really it doesn't make huge difference although from a certain perspective i wouldn't argue the point as much if i didn't think i was right add them all up and look at it from jason's perspective jason needs to leave my job to me like he did originally if he wants a rollover most of the things he wants is arbitrary and even if it's small its up to him most of the time at the end of the day i've already thought about it and made a decision and turning it into a big thing right by discussing it over and over again my advice tell him that you've thought of it really isn't going to change how i argue the point and why you don't want it give him the opportunity to see it from your perspective the argument is really to guage how important it is to him that's not efficient not really but better to put your explanation out there i do he does respect it i have we still argue hey and if you put it out there and he still wants it i'm not the only stubborn person no? takes two to tango different positions you were just asking me about job security yeah but my attitude is that i'm paid to make certain types of decisions and that if they don't agree then others can make them be certain in that yup i am because they see it as.... you are paid to do what you do.... and you are an employee of the company haha that's pretty funny because and if they want something pink and purple then they should be able to get it that's not the way the contract is written i understand your point i'm a consultant i get both sides i don't get benefits i told Frank that "if they wanted to make me an employee with all that goes with that, and could afford a real salary, then i would be much more agreeable to showing up at the office every day and being less of an ass hole in general, but at this point, i'm getting out of it exactly what i want because that's the only thing that makes the compensation worth doing this." i can't live in the city so i work from home i'm doing the art so i can apply to grad school esp since the stock options were written the way they are they're not even being reasonable about that so my opinion is they aren't going to take them back or anything like that "they're not valuing my full attention, so they're not getting it" if that was true valuing how? then why write them they way they have "they"" didn't write them" i'd suggest you talk to scott about it really it doesn't concern me that much because i agree with you i talked to him about this and he has gone though them again that it's not going to happen that way but it's not the language that counts it's the tone they set the tone i'd say that if all you want is a springboard into grad school.. fine i'd say if you are interested in working for SSI in the event things start to work out to the point that we are compensated correctly then you are not laying good groundwork for that "the only thing i'm ever interested in is making sure that what i'm doing at the current moment satisfies my happiness... in my philosophy, everything else works itself out" that's good so i completely respect it i'm satisfied i think i have a good understanding of the situation and perspectives and have for a while its been a while since i was involved in a conversation on this topic with sameer involved and i told him that he is getting a fucking earth shattering deal he seemed to value being able to control what when how etc to which i told him fine go get another graphics designer... "and hell, i'll even help you find one" but you will be sorry i deeply appreciate you speaking to him on my behalf and it is a stupid move he should be speaking to me too it is in my best interest "because every time i ask him, he says everything is find" fine and i DO ask him i make a point of it maybe he's changed his mind i let him have it the last time this shit came up if he's to fucking arrogant and stubborn to see that i'm right fuck it haha not much you can do either way he wanted project basis i advised against that he's just a lil boy with a control problem a whiney brat i don't think about him i don't deal with him "we should give him the benefit that he's got major amounts of pressure on him... like more that i would choose to deal with.. but, you're right that he really doesn't know how to maturely deal with it" i don't recognize him as a working part of anything i do with the company ha exactly i work with jason scott you he's very far removed gonzo that's it sameer and roxana can go make columbos Haha adam does his own shit yo and i see no reason to disrupt that mans work i've seen adam maybe once right i've seen an article in the ny times once HA good job Adam that's all i have to know yeah he worth having around just for his contacts even if he did nothing he's i want a projector ebay or swipe one from Penn haha you know what i'm talking about ? a television projector yup so i can watch movies at home 10 foot screen which wall though brb dude i'll find a wall i have two very nice walls in my room yeah man ps2 on a projector gran turismo life size shiiiiit haha http://www.lightwerks.com/projector/projector_detail.asp?id=463 Yo that's not cheap you can get up to 17 foot screen LOL burciago that is the shit you'd have to watch it on the building next to you no to get a 16.4 foot screen 16.7 you have to be 20 feet away well .. the projector from the wall and what room do we know of that's 20X20 with 10 foot cielings only 10 feet away for a 8.3 foot screen diagonal the screen measurement is diagonal i know this it's also on a stand and i could do it in my apartment put the projector in the cabinets the screen would be 11 feet high and have it go about 10 feet diagonal so the height would be what? 11 feet we are talking 16:9 ratio good god i have no idea wait the height would be less than the diagonal numbnutz if i had a 10 foot diagonal 6 ffeet for the big one see what i mean jean? all right i'm there i'll play now where to get i have to do a lot of research but i really don't know why people don't do this instead of sets um back in the day you couldn't use them for certain things like video games i think its cause people like to watch tv with lights on too and that too which i do not i have new parameters for future living spaces oh? yes must be able to use projector at max diag loft yo i saw some siiick lofts down in the gayborhood prob expensive maria said they were cheap too ask her about the one we walked past how cheap? as cheap as what she pays now maybe 700 damn well glad that i've found my next toy i was feeling empty without anything to research and lust after haha http://cgi.ebay.com/ebaymotors/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&rd=1&item=2478850823&category=49990 Yo that's cheap wtf dunno i'm gonna watch that shit tho HAHA anywhere under 3000 its mine no shit can you imagine? Miles: 1148 jeeeebus i'd have to go home before i got it tho y so i could see everyone for one last time ;) LOL yeah even with the license i think i'd probably just sit an admire it for a while yes you would i love you but not my ducati LOL i've seen what happens to bikes like that in the hands of those with lesser experience esp that fucking bike good lord yeah over 100hp thing weighs maybe 400lbs nutz yes quite those are the wheels i want too damnit i'll piss my pants literally if i get this bike just cause i said i would that is a beautiful bike i love all the lines "yup, suits you fine" i bet my dad would buy me a bike if i moved back to colorado really? i'd have to leverage it he wants you back? and maybe promise him a grandchild soon yeah HAha seriously i bet he'd go for it the grandchild? yeah oh yeah that'd definitely sell it "yeah, but what would Suz have to say" eh darling there's this bike i want and well ha yo so she's planning on leaving philly in january to go to colorado to establish residency so why CO? apparently her parents were talking to her before they left yesterday and offered to pay out of state tuition for CU med so she could stay close to me no shit and you'd like to go back home? "8,000/year in state" oh ha "5x,000/year out of state" right? yeah that's a pretty big deal "apparently i'm worth 175,000 dollars" heh ;) inflation adjusted yeah 210000 i thought that was funny yo you should seriously consider maybe? what? kid for bike exchange? going with? HA keep that on the DL as soon as i finish my degree i'll go wherever i care not Dan sez he wants to come back to Penn for post-Bac ha what for medical school or some shit lol he graduated with a 4.0 from the school in New York out to prove something eh he enjoyed what he was doing "yeah, i think he really does" i want to sit on a beach yo it was news to me that new york city has a beach i rode a bike from Crown Heights to Coney Island werd oh did i tell you of my recent endeavor? doing? japanese yeah? i am going to teach myself japanese how are you going about it well have to get audio books and shit why japanese guess you're going to love this so you can watch old movies because it sounds cool LOL you're right about that and it looks cool yeah and then i will not feel bad about tatooing a character on my body if i so choose fuck it yeah its a package deal bomb LOL i just killed another of my outstanding things i had to have a reason to get a tattoo learning japanese is good enough for me that's maybe not the most conventional route yeah well when have i ever taken that route that shit is boring TRUE everybody does it that way lamers long as you stick with it well i have to learn the language first so i have time there's a japanese culture group that some people at wharton introduced me to when i was researching if you want to go happens once a month they would def help you out hmm good idea "i was about to get in the bath again, and it turns out i never let the water out from this morning" lazy bum just addled is all http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=addled i will never forget that one... addled by whiskey yes or absinthe you're probably right about the TEA banner imma hafta think about it yeah tweak hmmmmm do you have idea about the label situation ? label for what? mailing labels specifically do we have a lot of unused ones dunno how many there are tho you are changing? jason asked problem is the size we have sucks made others already but not the right size the ones we have are very small to fit everything on right umm "well," i don't know what the priority is but redesigning the user site seems more important what's wrong with the user site? that's not even on my list the green and grey? and the blue and gray seems a little weak the green and grey weak? as developed as every other graphic is it's just a menu is all basic on purpose to keep file size for the whole menu on user site that program directs you to under like 60k the code is sort of a nightmare but i know of no other way to do in HTML at least in such a way that it's simple to use not so much concerned with the visual aestetic in this case more about utility right... can we up the aesthetics? lol *ducking* sure but i think it would end up being flash and when i discussed it with jason flash was a low priority ok go with that i'll talk to him k i feel like crap time for bed yeah seriously i want to get suzanne something special you got a lot to do? eh like what? i dunno you can never go wrong at Tiffanyh pssshh that's the cool thing about suzanne she values that stuff far less than other types of jewelry what else is there? like jewelry native to other cultures and countries oh ok but you know Tiffinay is good shizza for our different and other culture at least in my book yeah it is 0played out a lil tho depending on what you're getting big rocks with silver all over them dripping in pearls lord let's not even go there i'm going to make liberace look like agnes ha http://www.tiffany.com/images/products/zoom_images/18160978_xl.jpg mmmmm the dragonflies need rubies or sapphires sapphire 77 pages of necklaces i didn't see one i would buy suzanne a necklace you want/ ? i was just checkin it out did anyone get her an executive bag? what the fuck is that http://www.tiffany.com/images/products/zoom_images/17063626_xl.jpg it's like a soft leather breifcase lol good graduation present what the hell is she going to do with that go to med school i guess why not just a backpack? "i dunno, it's more professional?" something to keep for life http://www.tiffany.com/images/products/zoom_images/17796356_xl.jpg that looks more like stuff for you than her uh huh jeeeezus i have expensive taste cookware? lol brb not cookware yes i nkow how about wait does she have plants? nah does she like plants? i dunno goo question might be hard to care for them in the philly heat etc yeah hard to travel with too i guess what about a vacation? yeah but she's busy summer classes hmmm frsh out me too ask Maria time for Bond soon spice carousel Jeffrey says Sonic Heroes is fun don't be silly with lots of spices lol how about a maid service ongoing? good lord yes there's something loose in my powerbook uh oh brb it's a screw that sux get it out? no don't have the screwdriver takes a really really small phillips going to have to take it to the store tomorrow http://www.chocolatemonthclub.com/ will they charge you? no eh chocolate makes you fat tru problem with service is that it ends good for other occasions not so good for graduation imo http://www.hammacher.com/publish/70460.asp?promo=hl_bedroom "good idea, bad choice of clock" alright like that specific one? "yeah, it's ugly" LOL werd stress relief taht's what i'm after for her a product or something does she have time for yoga/ eh nm something she has to choose to do herself yeah http://www.simplec.com:81/trial.html how do you think those should be listed? Download section yes what exactly are you asking the four links right in what order 3 should be together sorta k the form to friend could go first eh i dunno the downloads should be more condensed into a download section listed in the order as they appear now bulleted maybe imo the guides should just be included in the download how large are they? it sorta makes sense to call attention to them 12.2 and 1 and allow for download of them separately did you bring this up? i think its a good point no i just thought of it yeah i totally agree who are you dealing with ? i told him to put them on the contact page as well jason? gonzo because they're kind of like tech support well if they have the product they have the guides eh and step by step i lose shit and look for manuals often the menu should read Download not trial what do you think about that? "i agree, but that's not my decision" trial means nothing simplec request form should be in contact not in download that makes sense too either way no... its the correct way damnit i'm finishing an email that is poorly written k ha but gets the point across ok i'm out talk to you later laters i'm going to eat and pass out ha k i don't have golive i had it at one point.... but it has escaped me jason was just asking gonzo if you were going to try to find a copy ahh yeah i have to bring my laptop here for that are you going to find a real copy or one on P2P? P2P i think that's not such a great idea i.e. Illustrator right i'm asking around for a real copy right now k i asked one person before and they did not have it if you can't find one i am continuing my search tell Jason that werd i saw a copy for $50 at the Mac Store today i don't know what it is for PC hmm dude $40 yeah telll jason to buy it so not such a big problem the more we have of our own software the better i thought it was like 400 http://www.adobesoftwareonline.com/adobe.php#GoLive "yeah, we're going to buy it" good anything else at the moment? no but thanks why is it so cheap?: i don't know i just did a search on froogle how much are you considering spending on a bike? i decided not to get one really? why? i enjoy my skin the way it is werd i'm glad you decided against it "http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9603828^28101,00.html?txtmsg.org" Ninja Gaiden?? wtf is that crazy the customs officer looks like he's having a good time with it a warning tho? :\ http://www.ananova.com/news/story/sm_365440.html?menu=news.latestheadlines haha the tiger programs we should hire him um no it's a little gross very http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/18/automobiles/18SHOE.html oh awesome great that's exactly what the world needed more bling lol email from master splinter he's a lil behind are they there already? the ny times is there its the same fucking article Like an AP article? nyt and intl herald Names are both on the http://www.simplec.com i assume so or NYT owns the others ah do you want to rewrite the description that goes on the order form? sure let me see it "SimpleC works on any computer with Microsoft Windows. This package is ideal for those who already own a computer or have access to one at home. An instructional VHS tape, showing how to use SimpleC and demonstrative basic functions of the computer is also included." "SimpleC Program CD" "Instructional VHS Tape" "Quick Reference Guide" "Phone Support" is it on tutos? easier if i have the entire form yes one sec k are we still sending them that stupid tape? yes jeezus yes that needs to be changed i'm changing it now thank god i just got it last night you are re-doing the installation video? whoa no why that's what we were talking about who well i was sorry oh k are we still sending them that nasty tape? right well i don't think so that's why i'm asking abotu the text don't really know tho right i say no sameer is in a meeting ah well we go nowhere until he comes out cause he'll proabbly still want to send it k "SimpleC works on any computer with Microsoft Windows. SimpleC makes your computer easy and fun, even if you have no previous computer experience. This package includes all of the items listed below:  Installation VHS Tape SimpleC Program CD-ROM SimpleC Step-by-Step Guidebook SimpleC Beginner's Manual Phone Support" k thanks np on the tour page.... last screen shot first sentance your own is bold pace is not all should be Gzo? same thing with the last sentence "sort of arbitrary, either way is fine" "what kind of picture should i put on the order form?" picture? yeah something in the background like a watermark? nah a photo why would you do that? make it harder to photocopy mostly because i think our order form should be of a good quality right i dont' think it is necessary to put a picture tho ok because order forms should be easy to photocopy nm but i really have no idea what picture you should use if you were to did you have anything in mind? "sort of, but i keep getting told that we aren't using old people in our ads" so not really right i think it is time that we start moving away from old people i disagree really? yes why so because that's what our market is right now why our market should be anyone with no previous computer experience because this program isn't going to sell to a mainstream demographic we are excluding lots of people it's a smaller subset than that there are tons of people who are not 65 or older who would use the software maybe minorities nah dude i'm telling you but anyone who's white and middle class is going to learn windows incorrect most people don't use the majority of features found in microsoft products most users aren't going to settle for learning something different than what's used at work/school "my mom... occupational therapist,,, yes.. .uses windows for work,,," the vast majority i.e. Macintosh wants to use something simpler same with step mom i'll believe it when i see market research same with most parents i talked to this weekend and PENN graduation when i present it as a product for senior citizens its always "hell, i want to use it" in that case we don't have materials for anything but old people marketing materials i don't think it hurts us to expand to anyone with no previous computer experience that is what our text says but that isn't my decision as for the order form should be simple easy to complete short and sweet IMO i was trying to make it look more like an ad for the final push? yes i see your direction not sure i'm of much help are you at home or at office? home going to run an errand alright bbs what's up making lists for you and gonzo at the moment k have you heard anything about changing the SMSC logo? no scott just asked me to come up with options to replace it ok i like it the way it is ok so i'm sort of confused as to why this came up out of nowhere ask scott i have no idea Learn about SimpleC Success the orange around that is lighter than the others ? do you have the description for filling out forms? the short one i gave you for the lessons i'll check thanks orange is supposed to be lighter alright i accept curious as to why to differentiate the columns are all of them different shades? yes i only notice the last one as being different fyi i think it'd be cool if i could see the difference in all three depends on the monitor you're using no computer will be the same yeah well my laptop my dell lcd my viewsonic crt none of them do I see more than just the difference in the third column they get progressively less pink from left to right "i belive you, i just can't see it" i can't find that list maybe in the mock-ups? i can't find it either and it isn't correctly listed on the website what isn't? the rollover description for filling out forms i just found the description nevermind "have you completed the ""Download"" buttons?" does gonzo have a copy of golive? ahhh that's the crux? yes ok gonzo ordered yesterday have you confirmed that? because as far as i know he didn't ok will confirm whats up changing the menu werd did jason send you the list yet? http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/040519/234/726q1.html no what a nutjob i think it's fake i hope so or else i'll strangle him personally ha would be great though perfect joke problem is nobody under 25 knows who he is right hell i didn't know until jim carrey pretty much "well, in addition to the list jason is sending" i would like your help with a banner ad k eh it will be in the list is this the one that has to be under 4K? 50kb k the user site that the program points to is broken ahhh wonderful ? Edgwired: the user site that the program points to is broken oh i havea question about the flash dialogue you sent ? are those sentence pairs supposed to be for separate screens that it will scroll through? yes am i free to cut sentences? as long as you replace it with something you want that specific # of screens? sorta like the neverending story cut them in pairs werd "Simplify your computer, GUARANTEED! Try it Now! Click here to download." 317,106792122.6,Other,"Free Email Easier than ever" 317,106792139.2,Edgwired,what is this for Try it Free! me thinking on your screen about the banner corruption huh? yeah hosed sorry mang that sux i'm writing gonzo about it now i think it can be fixed pretty easy w/o having to redo the pages werd lots of it was set up to be automatic so i'd like to keep that if possible what's up with you? nothing much have to finish going over this blurb about simplec and ssi for beryl right did anything fun come out of the banner ad? i had something over the weekend lost it heh how was your weekend ? did nothing it ws good no shit seriously i slept a lot i want i think i might fall of the face next wekeend maria and i keep having these epic weekend s yeah yall need to chill lol haha you should have seen us we haves us some fun i bet has she made any progress with her love mess? dude on saturday "Eric, and Wes, and MIKE WISE" all showed up to same party lol that's hilarious overloaded my senses to be sure i think mike is pretty down right nwo he fell out first whatdo you mean? pretty down? depressed? yeah that fucker all together i keep on trying to call him and make plans and shit he's stuck he's been down for years at this point "yeah, i didn't really get the message he was sending" first time i think he just needs someone to tell him what to do or something oh man or a woman or something "that don't work so well, you know?" hell i have no clue at this point he's got to figure out yeah or he'll never learn how to be alone right have you contacted gzo this morning? i tried calling the office no answer so sent email copied you yeah i got that bad boy lol i almost wrote bad goy food brb k whattup fixing the user site what's up with you not much still re working re wording have you heard from jz today no i can't find gonzo either sameer seems to be the only one there awersome right? oh well i might coerce tedi to have a drink or two after work that should be fun oh yeah? he's fun to go out with "yeah, i get along well with him" i find it odd that taws doesn't have a website it is a bit http://www.webaward.org/winners_result.asp some of those are just pathetic "some, yes" http://haagen-dazs.com/ http://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/class2008/ did you do that? no it was a little better when i saw it in development not bad at all whattup nm you? same red bulled up ha idd you go out with tedi? nah he pussed it up aw when ar eyou coming into the offic enext/ tomorrow werd approx time? 11ish nice with the banners i was thinking that you could choose "and make a couple , few" ok. it shouldn't a big deal to change the text or get back to me after having thought of designs that i could work within but to be ridiculously honest i have no idea what i'm going to use to animate the thing in terms of graphical content or tools? tools flash? eh i'm not sure you can make animated gif's with it most are gifs right hmm probably ImageReady fireworks but i don't know how it works usually pretty easy and fun is my experience more the latter tho once you get it down "yeah, JZ wants me to fool with this flash presentation all day" alright i'm going to let it percolate for a minute anyway "well, i'd work on it with you if you like" tomorrow afternoon/evening over some drinks for some reason i'm thinking nightmare before christmas with beverly hills colors buahahahhhah you bastard LOL eh dude i enjoy it i'm missing the experience and formal education for it... but i'd love to play with stuff like that all day ha you think i'm not? LOL as i have told you before i know how cool would it be if we could just sit around all day designing shit over drinks yo.. i'm trying to get a foosball table for the office btw from where? upennforsale you're good at foosball? used to be quite good www.bombaysapphire.com i was drinking Boodles on Saturday nice did you enjoy? "a little too much, i kept touching this girl's breasts" just to piss her off ha that's a nice site yeah i want a steak bad Smith & wollensky or bbQ? "nope, just beef" bloody righ but you could bbq it bloody ssssssssssssss sssssssssssss done heh i really want a steak "i read an article in the NYT today about a guy who feeds his dog steak and beer. and i was like, i want a steak and a beer." seriously grilled vegetables fool me pretty well im gonna try and steer away from beef so much vegetables and martinis that's teh ticket "what you suggest is an abberration to the white man's culture, in the end you" ;ll come back to steak right when i'm 40 only skinny white bitches have martinis and vegetables right and fags right and guys who want to lose some weight meh yeah i just need to ride more losing weight is for pussies with poor hearts lol Join me in this Chat. jackasses duplicating conversations Howdy hi "so anyway, this is a nice little thing" yeah thanks burce let's recap pooling procrastination shotguns bullhorns "So anyway, Maria told me the whole situation" steak it's all about efficiency what situation red meat damnit LOL oh really which situation is this that's your guy's thing The thing with Wes Craven oh right and michael wise Heavy shit did she mention that part *stepping aside* Mike tried to call me oh shit really? then when i picked up he hung up lol the bastard biggest mike I was coked out of my head with my sisters hahaha i knew it i had this image of you over the weekend I dont understand the stepping aside "Mikey, i still havent properly slept" since last thursday i thoguht you did heh with the dark side it was fun no? and your hyper colour saber It was hot literally I passed out at kate graduation you saber changes colors? and was sweatin like a beast Yes man I wanted to get to the dark last night that's better than a shotgun when she was telling me all this shit hahaha I am just glad I didnt figure it out here's your comedown on a plate no? cause friend or not Mikey yes I would have cut off his balls HA good and made him eat them Tedi if what? that's good to know damnit... i'm slow if I i figured the shit out on my own what shit seriously Burce "Ok, let'" s start fromt he beginning yes Maria tells me of the Boy one of you needs an icon or different colord text or something Wes Craven wes? you look like twins to me yeah Wes sounds like a putz Ha he is a bit right I agree continue tedi but it is not for that So Maria tells me of this While on top of me mind you HAHA pinned down and i felt my skin turning green whoa and the blood behind my eyes got red er than usual man So we sit and talk it all out that's how people get hurt oh god Yes it is So then after a lot of talking it out what the fuck kind of timing is that? I tell her anyway yes. "You are really wise to tell me this now" cause if it slipped out of someone else's mouth I would have just waited until we were all out and about and Craven hahahHA was there and I would have seriously seriously injured him so you know this assmaster? dude she knew better "and would have been still hitting him, and the cops that would be pulling me off" "Well, to be honest with you guys," this all levels the field a bit right? but her's was far more methodical than i drama queens yo if this wes thing is about anything who admitedly got with an older british rock queen it's about drama I think so yes "But seriously though," I was REALLY not in the mood for that kind of drama yesterday haha karma's a bitch I HADN'T SLEPT SINCE FUCKING THURSDAY and i got on the wrong train yesterday from Baltimore that's when your head opens up wide enough to let these things in oh SHIT! "and the bitches at work were, well, bitches" "Mikey, I think that yes it is a bit Karmic" comedic but she used language that pissedd me off on purpose? such as? because this fucker was in her head and not just the vag "head in the clouds" lol which used to mean aww.... maria is a girl yes still it pissed me off to hear it subject to the illogical irrational emotional rollercoaster definitely LOL I guess this is what i get in some ways "why the fuck do they call it a roller-""coaster" I did call for this time apart cause that shit ain't coastin last time i checked ha seriously seriously its more like a VW bug hitting a Mack truck on crowded San Fran streets dude yeah you just have to step back "yes, sire?" and let it happen Let the Wes thing happen? did she tell you the whole story though i mean you know Wes has another girl The boy has the girl coming in Texas who may or may not yhes trying to save the poor sap in that vw is only going to hit you with shrapnel come "Well, i guess" i mean not necessarily meaning you should step aside form the situation The thing is that as her friend i advised her not to go with it all "i'm just sayin,, in your mind" because it doesnt look good in the future right i did the same But i can see why she likes the attention probably why she's all about it... in retrospect "Yeah, safe" if it was just the attention whatever at least a portion but it's not yeah It's not just the attention? nope It is deeper than? drama yup they need drama if things coast... they throw the roller in there She said that though "Mikey, tell me" cause i know she was protecting a bit "her mixed signals are: ""this kid needs to open his mind up but i'm not going to put in the effort to watch him do it" I see TR again a project RIGHT that's fucking exactly it That is EXACTLY what i said but she denied it and i told her yup you will get caught up in this thing she's denying it to herself and lemme tell you EXACTLY and you know what i really dont want to bail you out this isn't something she's going to stick with for the years that it will take they are so ignorant to themselves ha So in the end nothing really changes It's TR all over again not much "Fuck man, that is too heavy" all girls need their dose of drama the abuse isn't going to be as bad for Marty McFly but still mental abuse "Well," yes especially with this girl and all you see I think yeah she likes the torture of it it puts pressure on her its a challenge to act with her heart But she said that if i said stop she would lol] the funny thing is that I called all this to happen ha i think she would stop Tedi But whenever I got REAL close to some broad but i also think you don't want her to under those circumstances I would push it all away last second she needs to take responsibility "Yeah, but Mikey you know where she goes with all of this?" "Me, motherfucker!" HA I get the brunt of this yeah like she gets the brunt of my shit but that's why i'm saying don't tell her to stop I mean can't i just skin him or something cuz then you get all of it every bit dude But if i cut the head now youcan't be mad at him No i cant really HAHAHAAAAAAAA i said that you're anger is with her last night or whatever emotion I can't blame him or be mad No really the anger is with me This is really all my doing And I understand that that's true in the absract And am taking the responsibility for it That is why i told her that i dont want to jump back into it all again because she needs to do somehting like this good move in the chess sorta way but a lot of it is based on faith that in the end faith is for pussies My king will still be standing tedi yes? that's something i put faith in "thanks, tone-loc" seriously "yes, i am cynical" Well i am confident of that but you know how it is you feel a bit belittled but this person by i meant by this person you never met What really made me mad was that the sex was in the room i used to live in and still sleep in "yeah, i didn't like it when i heard that she told you that you HAD to accept her going to see TR" because you didn't I know that I am tall as Oak with a bullhorn bitches thing is though tedi The truth is that she and i were friends before it all if you really are going to be apart ... fill in the blank i told her there's no fence to straddle here agreed that was my main point at well "? So i should just split?" that is yalls advice? a break means nothing if there is a net right that's all i'm sayin you two have been codependent and now if you're going to not be then its all mangled Yes this is true "if break, break" "if not, resolve" right Hmmmmm none of this.. see you in a week shit either way is fine ha of course i'm all about black and white "Well, emotionally, neither is" right And our whole relationship is very very gray right complex so either you two decide that you are going to work together to fix that and resolve all this shit or..... you decide that the solution is to take a real break Split yep Hmmmmm that way you each can free your minds for a bit "yeah, its a bit stressful now" instead of muddling around in the swamp of ambituity Cause that is a lot yeah i hear that well the ambiguity worked when they needed to work its a temp fix but i never brought up shit to the page that only delays "You see, i dont really feel like shit is broke" "and actually, we were getting along quite well" TRUE much better than the winter but now i see that that might have been steming from some guilt from Craven HA um he's a pretty recent development i think it was better before then yes not to say it isn't contributing factor Well you see this whole thing is really making me step back and value a lot of things that i took for granted And it really makes me sad mayhaps the purpose of such an experience because things were going so well for a while here "yeah, i said that" to her yesterday but you NEEDED it to happen btoh I know "Yes, this is true" The timing is really really interesting though HEH if this happened in January i would have said fuck it "then you get into the... well, do i want it so badly now that i've seen that i could lose it and it is now a challenge again" yeah keeps it fresh "man, i need a fucking drink" ha werd and a smoke mmmm and beef oh christ and vegetables and a martini and a bullhorn LOl "Yeah, that's what it really all boils down to" This being something of a becon to see what ive not seen a minute and all that i have taken for granted "yo, tedi, her affection is because she sees the same things" DAMN THESE CROSSROADS DAMN YOU TO HELL Same things? she says to me all the time why she loves you it's a spontaneous observation HA thats sweet things she doesn't express when you're around so much mostly because she focused on being the witness and the adjuticator at once " i know i love tedi, i know he loves me, we know we want to be together eventually" I can see it already "But people change in ways, mikey" and the big LET GO always in flux and you have to let go can cause for greater change no matter when you choose to do it cosmic inevitibility "I know i know all that shit, nostro" so I am just saying right now what do you WANT I am seeing things and feeling things that i havent in a while k so go process it "Honestly, all this discussion is pushing me closer to being back together" ha than letting go fine figure out why you feel that way "Well, I think i know" there's a queue forming "Honestly, when one takes things for granted that are really important in one's life" and focuses on what they THINK is really important then one needs a jolt to remember the value of their original desire "desire isn't enough tedi, you also need to be able to learn something new" How so? I am going to marinate on all of this k You see the thing is guys I really dont want to be in a relationship with anyone else do you really want to be in a relationship? good one mikey Talking now - yes because it's in jeapordy? or because you want it but i dont think she does um eh i don't think you need to worry about what she wants when you think about this what the fuck do those grunts mean? LOL girls always want to be in relationships yeah Hmmmm This fucking phone keeps ringing here and i am not answering it lol i hate this fucking job i have two jobs to balance my hate amongst i know i am leaving to teach big highschool football players in a matter of minutes how to read and write haha mmmmm highschool foootball playyeeerrrs "Mikey, they all look like Fat Albert" "no yums for you, trust me" i want beef you didn't know that's mikey's thing? faaaaaat albert beefy OH CHRIST i need someone to carry my kitty i don't think i want to get that on e nor i k seirously though i'm going to lunch And I am going to get a smoke aight laters before i leave for the Junkyard Gang "k, i'll catch you cats on the flipside" THanks Guys haha laters np anytime peace can you make a taws version bcard for adam leon as well? yup probably later this week tho ok burciago yes i'm not even in a relationship lol and you're stressed out about it? um only to the point of not wanting to be the avenue of communication yeah its so funny pathetic i mean i refreshed my computer its so much better now like a new computer "refreshed""?" jason requests your presence on msn messenger yeah reformatted the bitch oh good idea its so much better actually... everyone in the office is saying that about the new user site menu good deal "yeah, i can tell you killed your brain on that one" ha i don't have flash yet ha that won't play on flash player jason and I are looking at the new tutorials menu can you insert the explanations for each? would you like me to send you and email to that effect? yes sent you an email with additional descriptions you here already? "no, just getting into the shower" werd whattup nm just sat down talkin to maria "seeds, mac n cheese, coffee filters, gatorade powder...." all in the kitchen neat who went to the sto "oh, and a raisin soy nut strawberry mix" jason and I friday say what raisin who "raisins, soy nuts, strawberries" mix in the large tin its decent "oh, and popcorn too" whatchu doin willis? eh beautifyin shit designing DBs making stuff better mo bettah koolio did you go out with Onur last night? yeah quite the night how was it? really fun i didn't know he was leaving sorry to have missed it "onur, his girl, me, harlan, christine, tito, sarah, jason, dan levine, gonzo, sameer," some other people i'm forgetting probably he should be by the office sometime today good deal to say farewell is he looking forward to it? he's happy to go home sad to leave here yeah the definition of happiness we going to see you today? yes sir this afternoon who is at the office gonzo an you ask gonzo to sign on to msn messenger? please done and done thanks i'm going to build a small fire in your corner for purposes of heat put on a jacket make some coffee due and open a window it's june already this place is a morgue werd LOL i got my big box o art yeah for some reason the office looks more full than it has been ha wait until this weekend when we double our office furniture yay good chairs? and a desk? and a FISHBOWL? with fish in it? self-subsisting fish? nah chairs tables file cabinets and fish nope or a kitty BYF an invisible kitty did you hear the wes news? oh god no "this bitch has been fucking other guys for months and ""just wants to be friends" revelations for last night whatever the situation is so stupid in the meantime i'm removing myself maria and i want to move into his house after he moves out AND tedi and maria are fine with it with whatever with you living with maria? with wes who with wes what? incidentally wants to live with misa "as friends" with wes existing wait so what is going on with maria and wes i don't think that's been identified idiotic somewhat as much as maria claims tedi to be immature pot kettle black LOL "she's getting better though, were this TR, she would have moved in already" women ha tell me about it pet peeve girls who can't decide wht the fuck they want aka... girls you will notice that i avoid the problem as a whole species yeah gender you mean? species into animals huh? grrrrr should have gotten the bigger box LOL idiot "hey, i wasn't allowed" cuz i definitely need three times as many pictures of cheeze graters lol these bitches won't let me do work who? Maria and Tedi are tag teaming me damn tedi is avoiding me? i don't see him on are you talking about IM? he's using Maria's nic sign off then how was dinner last night? Finger Lickn Good we had KFC for serious? for shizzy classy quite and then Shrek 2 nice i feel like dogshit what's up with you? nada do you need anything from me? i'm thinking no do i need to give you anything? not that i can think of at th emoment k i just finished updating all the SEO pages with the new address what a pain in the ass all documents as well ha how many pages? "well, thankfully i have a brain" mmhm so i only had to change the address in like 5 places because the pages share 50 pages or more where the address appears ha good thinking i'm lazy and i've learned to plan for my laziness ha "yeah, that's kind of why i made it a big deal for g-zo to have golive too" cuz i'm that kind of lazy i got my sonica today i think i need a preamp it's just *not* loud enough sounds greaet but i must be deaf why you deaf? what do you need a pre amp for? i want the signal out of my powerbook to be louder not what a preamp does what does a preamp do? circuit board basically switch board rather ah so i need an amp the amp is what you need there you go i've got the damned thing turned all the way up and it's not ear shattering and i want ear shattering the speakers should be powered house shaking hmmm give me the link to them bitches http://www.klipsch.com/product/product.aspx?cid=712 def not 116 dB yeah you only got 60 watts per channel still though.. my issue is that jeffrey has the same speakers and his are fucking LOUD hmmm did you turn you pwrbook volume all the way uup? doesn't make sense nor to me either your pwrbook is loud on its own "with the internal speaker sure, but i'm not so sure the line out puts out a strong signal" can you hurt your ears with headphones plugged into your pwrbook? barely ahhh that is the problem then how to fix? that's fucking weak ummmm yell at apple ha but seriously there's no way to amplify the signal? there is but it woudl be better to find a solution w/in the the laptop because amplifying a weak signal inevitably distorts teh sound ah i'm pretty sure they're not going to help me out with that i've got all the levels in all of the places turned all the way up in fact i bet your iPod is louder yeah I don't notice the lack of treble but then again I'm using an Audigy 2 24-bit sound card to do the audio processing and not Apple's BS on-board headphone plug. (I've always been pissed off at Apple for having such crappy audio) ha you're not the only one i think they finally switched to digital audio in the G5s at least the port is but as far as i know OS X doesn't natively support Surround sound yet right "Optical digital audio in, optical digital audio out, analog audio in, analog audio out, front headphone minijack and speaker" yep i think its your lovely crapple you should call them and see what they recommend if anything "what, besides the order form, has our pricing on it?" website some of the marketing material you need to see if they make an external sound card for your apple that's sort of what i bought the sonica http://www.m-audio.com/index.php?do=products.focus&ID=eee876ef2e6cbb4ac377f83c406e8885 i want more chikn hahha you're hooked yall still goin on the party boat tomorrow? me tedi maria kate what you doin? NOW? tomorrow eh moving offiices moving a couple of suzanne's things come to the party after that... i dunno eh dunno might drown or something all you can drink ha exactly plus tedi and kate and WES who is kate? in one room oh fuck that Tedi's sister it's going to be a sideshow plus good music and great ppl it's probably definitely going to sell out ahead of time most likely memorial day weekend "supposed to be a private party, but it got listed in the weekly" ahh dude ? probably not a good ting for me to go to and get drunk i'll end up trying to tell maria and tedi what to do and smacking wes Burciago going to be fun no need to tell they worked that shit out and Wes and Tedi are going to love each other right http://www.reflective.net/cgi-bin/cgiwrap/imri/forum/ikonboard.cgi?act=ST;f=1;t=10598 reserve your ticket the rollover on the front page graphic doubles the size from 50 to 100k on our website? yup live now? no can i preview? i haven't put it in what graphic the start here button wonderful don't think i can do that do what said dan's responsible side the boat party too much booze and booty i don't even want to go and i'm going werd "well," i'll see what's up with the lil lady there's your glimmer of hope headed home to clean my room like a good boy now when are you getting here tomorrow? lunchtime i'd say ok probably see you later tomorrow then k whattup working with g-zo http://oakley.com/catalog/colors/eyewear/xmetal/juliet/plasma_ice_iridium_polarized what do you think of those i was thinking about oakleys yesterday i think i'm might get them that's expensive you can change the lenses for like $40 oh... no way in god's green earth would i ever pay that much $100 is my limit for sunglasses so which ones then the link i sent you i'm not buying them new Juliet's? oh ok http://oakley.com/catalog/colors/eyewear/omatter/water_jacket/bronze_bronze_polarized yeah without a doubt what waves are you attacking? waves of anger i need to look fierce lol where are you finding these for $100? newsgroup 125 but willing to negotiate she said oh boy her mistake fur real i like the plasma emerald iridium yeah those are kinda hot but i don't think i could rock them this coming from a buy with hideous 80s rockstar uni lense white framed glasses buy guy heh mike had some like those oh? they were nice and snug and just felt like solid glasses "yeah, they fit well but you got to treat them like children" why oakleys? they scratch they bend they break i had sooooo many pairs cuz i got them from sunglasses hut and i kept breaking them and they had to replace them so i kept getting different kinds each time i had like 10 different pairs did you have this type? before they sold these in high school i had some like them though "the hinges are very, very delicate" the wires are no good because you bend them out of shape immediately what's up nm just opened up a citizen's bank account what's up with you eh at seo in the new office in my self-made corner the new office is in franklin bulding yeah 1st floor so annoying cause all these people have been coming in as an excuse not to work "coming in to see how everything looks" blah blah get the fuck out of here and do some work pennpeople? yeah SFS people slackers come on now that's part of the job speaking of which i need to call those bitches about? getting off financial hold ahh so you can get your transcript yes sounds like fun among other things is it nice? do you want to get in on some paintball later this month? your office? its ok um i've had my paintball experience but thanks for asking i have a better postition to see people coming and nobody can see what is on my screen ha aight who are you going with? my lil bro is coming to town and we are all going to go oh shit "zamer, sameer, scott, julian, etc" gzo maybe a guy from this work teddi everyone i know Tedi? ha "well," i have to convince him yet oh shit what we should invite wes ha AND eric stop and minke mike i'd buy so many paint balls bad enough that sameer is going aren't paintballs expensive? it was on Penn when i went he's going to be a veritable rainbow so we just got buckets hahahaaa 500 balls for $32 a feel like i used many balls Join me in this Chat. with who with who what/ this chat yeah you me and tedi the usual hold on a sec guys k he was just explaining how he could definitely shoot some people this month shooting people is fun rule #1 no rules don't get on the same course as the guy who buys his own equipment yeah cuz your gun don't shoot straight his does and he's got a laser sight and about 5 times before you shoot once rule #2 cover your fucking ears http://pocolocopaintball.com/pricing/pricing-extra-paint.cfm i feel like we went through cases it's fun though although i'm not as much on the obsticle course as just being out in the woods yeah i agree when is your brother coming:? end of june jeezus the end of this month is going to be insane http://pocolocopaintball.com/corporate-outings.cfm lol have SSI pay some day year what else is going on ? pookie is coming tedi's party no shit the boat party ok back to this the boat party does he have specific dates? fourth of july probably so but maria knows better "wait, another boat party?" yes how was it? fucking awesome tell me more we got *wasted* maria was wasted i was wasted kate was wasted the music was intense the top was crowded and the bottom wasn't the weather was great ladies? there were people there to pick up jeebus yeah that's not good it was a show and then at the end of that week it's the fourth of july and i have my entire family coming into town serious much to much ha http://www.reflective.net/cgi-bin/cgiwrap/imri/forum/ikonboard.cgi?s=efa68759db8398e9d2bb834ad6aab643;act=ST;f=1;t=10853 i found you buahahhah dancing with kate meh you're ass is WASTED yes TRUE yellow tail and gin whoa there's tedi yes Ted and maria very fun saturday we all came over here and fell out by the pool http://home.earthlink.net/~karoshi/images/getlucky/0860.jpg pool? my pool i like that one a lot seriously you have a pool? ha yes in ground? yes with a slide bitches you were supposed to come yeah yeah i was beat to shit from moving moving? yeah suz to her new place right! its a phatty lil apt where? lofted bedroom 42nd spruce oh no shit and there's a HUGE fucking rooftop flat painted silver i think i might know which one you're talking about is it on 42nd? with 3 ft walls enclosing yeah yup right next to gzilla i almost moved into that place senior year before i decided to stay in cali we're going to fuck some shit up i mean ha its a college campus summer nutzo ha i thought she was done? all kinds of old assholes tearing it up she is with her comm major doing stuff for premed now at Penn? yeah partly then drexel so she's staying.. hmm until jan yeah isn't roxana moving as well? today in 10 min are you going? she has a 2 hr window to move across the hall not unless gzilla calls me "that, to me, is insane" i told him that if he didn't have enough help to call me i would have the landlord's head "yeah, i would have bitched my ass off" on a plate oh yes one free months rent plus movers ha oh yeah fur sure you missed me flying out of a swing and landing on my face it was awesome i woke up in technicolor where was this backyard this summer should be fun very nonstop madness all right here we go SFS eat me oh boy good luck with that yeah i think i may have already tried this last year but hey 5 minutes hold just enough time to take a shit "big boss just came through and said ""oh yeah, you guys need flat screens... we'll get them right away" i'm curious to see if i get another whuuuuut? one more! i have my 21 crt blocking my in to this lil corner now if i get a 2nd flat that would b ehot we got them in wharton justified by extensive spreadsheet usage werd aight.. i just got the gzo call k talk to you later. l time to go hang with liquor monster what's new i'm having a difficult time staying awake what's up with you eh same just finished moving roxana's crazy ass into her apartment wasn't bad right across the hall had pizza beer and a drink I made called the green monster what's a green monster? "everclear, blue curacao and coke" i just mixed whatever she had whew yeah it was a beast brb i have to move the office inside werd k ahoy dry land mikey i'm going to kill you send me the three files you burned to disc for me on friday k why are you killing me? i may not be i checked adam leon's bcard on the ftp killing me softly? whcih i know is a diff file than those burned to disc the other day damn but as it sits on the ftp the phone is wrong thar she blows it's the Day After Tomorrow start burning your books the phone on all of them pull from the same file although i've just noticed that adam has my email address right haha so the three files you burned to disc the other day? can you send them to me or tell me what the mistakes are i'm fixing it right now what's the number? 2155454601 i believe yes 215.545.4601 k they're yours on ftp? or sending them now? sent by email werd jackass what look at the card you sent me for adam what about it phone number What About It 215 545 4601 NOT 4061 ah mr lisdexic fixed back at the office? home nice cooking my 11th hamburger of the week jeezus serious i don't doubt it just think a part of that burger will be with you forever and they were good to me this one happens to have bacon and Texas Pete's on it i'll remember it fondly Texas Pete's? hot sauce ambrosia of the wicked gods ahh http://www.ambrosiasw.com/news/ funny. i use snapzpro 2 sometimes god damn that's a burger i'm going to take a moment of silence to honor it dipstick hahaha i just got my bcards ? penn o something about the weather has changed since i fell asleep dark? rain i was on the hammock and now this must move quickly k better i'm in the middle of uploading the simplec site to the testsite folder good let me know when i can have a look k ok i think most of it is up link me http://www.simplec.com:81 the three rollovers have a different background than the menu rollovers they also have a different foreground ahh so true there are varying spaces between the partners listed that's an issue doesn't show up that way inside of golive you see what i meant tho right? ok yes is there some sort of standard space from the end of the page body that we can put the call simplec bar? contact/about/download no all are different unless you want to measure it out yourself nah just seems silly to have such discrepancies the links to outside organizations still open in the same browser window should i put his all in and email for you and gzo? no i changed those http://www.simplec.com:81/partners.html do those open in new windows? no they should k http://www.simplec.com:81/trial-form.html the submit button is on top of the call bar it used to be in front of the call bar do you see what i mean? the button is covering the call bar that's not what i see i moved it down another 50 pixels anyway perfect i like the spacing between AARP and PSC that's the way they all should be refresh your browser bang bang sweet now less space between end of guyana and call bar try again bang bang http://www.carametis.co.uk/Image/Troika/Cdc33a.jpg i would bend the shit out of that unless it's made from stainless steel yeah TRUE time to go antiquin say what you know with who i dunno just need to get a bcard holder ah "alright, i'm outta here" k later when you in town next/ friday werd ok... take it easy you too what's the good word some kid i met on friday called me yesterday that makes you feel good i just want to play with his piercings what's up with you eh not much http://www.geekdiy.com/phpn/ how's the flash comin how do i clear the cache so the links turn back orange i dunno i figured it out http://www.uncommongoods.com/item/item.jhtml?catId=3&itemId=10642&nextItemIndex=8&style=&pageId=133&templateId=1&famName=his+accessories&subCatId=38 meh lol sorry what very 1993 damnit what about a tape case that's what i carry cigarettes in http://www.designstore.com/simpercarhol.html that one is pretty good "http://antiques.goantiques.com/detail,tortoise-shell-calling,363002.html" I am away from my computer right now. http://www.rubylane.com/ni/shops/antiquesuncommontreasure/iteml/204sscig#pic1 http://www.rubylane.com/shops/antiquesuncommontreasure/item/103-RL139 gross gold? nasty what's gold? the trim on one of them they are too large i want more of a slim design the thicker slim design tho haha what? there are cases that hold like 6 cards there are cases that hold 15 i want one that can hold 15 so i can put 3 credit cards in with 6 or so bcards maybe red leather yeah alligator is quite expensive you could try skinning one on your own.. http://www.levenger.com/PAGETEMPLATES/PRODUCT/addtionalImage.asp?pageID=2120 http://www.levenger.com/PAGETEMPLATES/PRODUCT/addtionalImage.asp?pageID=2122 eh not my type.. but the first one works ok actually strike that http://www.whatshebuys.com/lod-111nx.html what color is it? red or black i give up ha oh for fuck's sake George Tenet resigned that's good i want a hamburger me too i think this flash presentation would work better as a straight video from screen what do you mean most of the animation is just doing what you would do in the program anyway at least it could be and the rest could be done in video and the version of the program that we're selling right now has some pretty serious graphics issues that apparently didn't make the final cut ok you mean that there is part that could be done in video and the rest in flash? eh not really and put the video in the greater flash presentation i'm saying the whole thing as video what was the original reason for flash sameer ? not person reason i don't see a difference he said he wanted something like something that they showed me which was flash actually i don't remember before that when we started talking about it so i don't know but stepping through the email thing and changing the levels and switching between programs and using the help are all things that would look better in video than in flash pointing out the different elements would work in either are you really considering changing it now? distribution wise flash is probably easier although i'd say complete what you have to for tomorrow most ppl don't have flash 6 or 7 what happens tomorrow? and then worry about the rest later the presentation is due? ha that's pretty funny was that not what you were told? no idea when do you think it is supposed to be done? really last i remember jason told me on monday of last week that he wanted it on wednesday of that week so ok that translates to me as whenever it really gets done that fucking sucks i don't get how that means whenever seems to me that would mean asap right what's the difference whenever is leisurely asap is not deadline of wednesday last week would imply that it is already overdue by a week my grandmother just fell over in the yard go help her i did is she ok? yeah lol go help her i DID as if you needed me to tell you i was just laughing at myself anyway.... i really don't understand why it is so difficult for you and jason to work with deadlines it's pretty pathetic really jason's recent deadlines weren't set in rational states of mind right two to tango its up to you to tell him that and set one with him taht is reasonable i did i called him immediately after i got the email when did you tell him it would be done then and talked to him about it and? i don't remember exactly i'm not sure anything specific was set weak not weak quite weak followed on simple.com which got done yesterday there is no reason not to set deadlines for this shit lol double negative anyway... it didn't seem imperative expect more weak ass arguments as a result when we discussed it regardless everything should be clear otherwise it seems that all parties involved enjoy the craptacular situation that they perpetuate eh i'm over it really then jason finds out that it's not going to be done tomorrow when he wants it and he yells and you wonder why no situation has changed alright i don't wonder it doesn't bother me enough to speculate "regardless, everyone suffers" suffering is a state of mind induced only within the ego but... let's all act like sameer and i'm sure everything will work out nobody yells like sameer except sameer doesn't seem to be an real desire to make a success out of this on anyones part it's always someone else's fault or i don't care or i didn't think this will a video be larger or smaller file size than flash hmmm more or less quality larger more quality in terms of still image quality or just that it flows better or whatever "smaller image, better continuity" less processor intentensive the overall screen size of the presentation? how will that be affected by half half the size? roughly maybe 640X480 that doesn't seem like a good idea the screenshots themselves are 640X480 anyway in the flash presentation "ok, size of simplec on the viewers screen" how is that affected none? possibly determining factor is end file size eh i'd do it in flahs flash video is too long to be small that is my suggestion file size right flash player is available for free correct? yup no problem there then also third possibility shoot it video inside of flash flash seven ships with its own codec do we have? i have not many other people have need flash 7 to play? yes which is not free ? is free sorta sux that nearly anyone would have to download tho yes i wouldn't want to give a flash presentation to someone I was trying to convince of simplec being easy... all with the requirement that they download the latest flash that's logical it seems that a regular flash presentation is the best way to go k i think these issues can be brought up and addressed before the next version of this presentation is assigned/developed for now just need *something* to facilitate the demonstration of simplec without having the person buy/download/actually use the program whattup nm "ytou?" eh same at the office? y kewl till when? leaving in about 45 minutes for campus are you returning to office after that yup ok i'll probably have lunch around here then go dntn k who is in the office? me that's it? yup great <shrug> get to work you drunk getting 3473933000 have you talked with gzo recently? no pages are going to go straight from you to live i got his email.. ok i'll read them lol alright its done mikee dan are you available to talk? yes what number? 8568456586 i love the slots you're playing slots? anything i can provide you with to make your day easier? um nothing "no... just a funny billboard the first week of living in vegas... some chinese dude on a purple billboard with that saying..... ""I love the slots" 3 days... it was changed to Sluts ah anyway i'm about to head out of here oh do you know anything of studio mx 2004 Professional? i have it professional? yes where o where did you get that? hmmm slsk maybe? can't remember how do you like it as compared to mx did you use mx previously? i've used both pro is noticably better however i've heard mixed "about how pro has features, but is harder to use" the only one i use is flash right eh why not fuck it i don't like freehand i don't like fireworks i don't think anyone likes freehand director is ok i personally don't like fireworks either dreamweaver is growing on me i don't like dreamweaver but i feel that its a good thing to become familiar with i never used to either y? i want to learn flash flash is easy and the other advanced capabilities of studio flash pro is incredibly easy i'm talking about advanced flash actionscript and shit flash pro you can set up like access flash mx you can not maybe some coldfusion what do you mean set up like access forms instead of timelines right yeah that's what i was reading big difference i think i'm getting studio mx 2004 pro i like forms better and four books to go with do you have any suggestions as to books? i bought flash math creativity sounds about right http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0321213432/102-4589947-2273735?%5Fencoding=UTF8&coliid=I1DLPVFEWH2CG4&colid=3FDCFRG7PWARP http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0321213424/102-4589947-2273735?%5Fencoding=UTF8&coliid=I1V4V2Y7YK83E9&colid=3FDCFRG7PWARP http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0735713766/102-4589947-2273735?%5Fencoding=UTF8&coliid=I1WX62O34RH7D4&colid=3FDCFRG7PWARP http://levitated.net/bones/books.html http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0735713766/102-4589947-2273735?%5Fencoding=UTF8&coliid=I1WX62O34RH7D4&colid=3FDCFRG7PWARP http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0321241576/102-4589947-2273735?%5Fencoding=UTF8&coliid=I121VCYMWONEM4&colid=3FDCFRG7PWARP that shit is crazy yes http://www.complexification.net/ there's a cool book on taht entire topic at the bookstore forget the title "but its all about equations, math, physics, etc" that's all real flash really is yeah i still have to read a bit i don't completely understand i haven't messed with any actionscript director uses a different language i think werd i think those four books i sent links to will be a solid start at least "yeah, personally i work better with reference materials than lessons" "in addition to a couple japanese books, i should have plenty of things to read/learn" yeah.. i mean i will use them more as resources i think alright... i'm outta here talk to you tomorrow http://www.depthcore.com/v4/core.php?p=packs I am away from my computer right now. whattup dragging ass what's up with you eh fired up on coffee kittycrack oh yes howzit going? decent what are you working on? staying awake lol who's int he office? nobody me me and the kitty right we're keeping each other ALIVE "ha, like loofa out of dune" not familiar he has to milk his cat to get the antidote for the poison they gave him lol i think maria is done with wes really that's interesting really really what happened with that he's just dumb he wrote some email that was a great example of how a teenager thinks roxana's wall is a two day affair ha when are her parents coming? this weekend or next ahh it's mostly covered did the paint match? pretty much we got primer to cover it with and her walls are just a flat white "i mean, you could just paint to the edges of the sections of wall which have the blue on them" i got a gallon of that too to make sure that's not a bad idea cause then nobody could tell going upstairs i'll be in the office tomorrow what time i have a question before you run upstairs middle of the day what's up how long to create this http://www.maximonline.com/castrol/email/images/email.gif "2-4 hours, depends on what the images were before they placed them" maybe less could be canned i mean i'm saying for you to do something like that for simplec i did the ads for the pull off flyers in less than an hour this would be for email this exact thing? same layout? that sort of thing spam mail think reallly good spam mail something compelling basically just a single web page sure that's what it is right not long without navigation etc alright i'll talk to you tomorrow i'm going to write some text for it tonight k gnight laters whattup laying on the couch what's up with you? workin at penn? yeah "maria's sez, ""i'm not in love" is she there with you? yup i'm on her couch at her place? ahhh tell maria she is in love with me "ok" lol i have to finish painting roxana's apartment i think i'm going to head up to the office when the laundry gets done alright what is you plan for the night? funk rock at fluid i assume that's later yeah you mean before that? yes probably coming back here what's going on? i want to play with flash and this email advert tonight? "well, i want to get the email advert done asap" as I want everything.... but I'm really curious to see what happens with this beryl shit and that's the first we're supposed to provide really it's going to take me working on the flash for the rest of the weekend to get it done by sunday night this is for the flash presentation the email? ok there are 2 flash presentations right? um NO what? alright there is the bell south presentation yes that's all the shit jason and I sent you when was that? last weekend jeezus... i'm so lost with my days alright completely separate from that is this email advert i want to work on but... bellsouth is first right you want the email to be flash? nah ok so what's the other flash thing then? those were unrelated topics when i mentioned earlier "oh, i just want to fuck around with flash" anyway ok "until you get bellsouth done,,, i'll work on the email advert" k do you have eps or other scalable versions of simplec logos/graphics? yes can i get some from you later when we are at the office? yes damnit ? i was kinda hoping you'd say no hehe anyway ok then no nah nah nah "it'll be ""fun"" to play with them" they're on tutos anyway ahhh i was looking on the ftp for raw graphics last night might be old versions has jason talked with you at all about your shares no why I believe he made that request last weekend she should be here soon ok we talked about it around a week ago herr they should be here soon lol heh i don'lt know where she came from freudian yeah... but who is she? you tell me the red head who's ass i was staring at on the way to work? who knows lecher the options for next year are a high priority than last years high=higher for me but both are not that high really my contract expired good point that will have to be addressed jason is leaving for a week or so today that's fine it can wait what are you doing this weekend? staying here until tomorrow and then i think i've got to sleep been out for days werd ok have to restart k damn computer is all jacked up cause i remoted into it last night oh format start over i'm trying to convince suzanne to buy an apple for her or for you? ha her a powerbook? she wants a small portable computer yeah prob 12 inch tell her to get the 12 inch right they aren't going to have g5 laptops for at least another year all the wireless stuff and other features are very easy on apples right? Very. "like,, if there's a signal, it connects" only prompts you for password if you need to supply one etc ? right she was all resistant until i explained that side of things "oohh... that;s what i want" just give her one to use for like a day that's all it takes i want one boo hoo hoo trade your shit in yeah right put it on your penn bill i wish BETTER ET get your office to buy it there's no way that's not being resourceful one of the guys i know that works in the college's computing thing got them to buy him a 17 in and they HATE Apples well i'm pretty damn certain that it would not be in my best interest to even ask ha do you have studio mx 2004 pro for apple? no pro only flash pro studio 2004 mx right that's all that makes pro i just posted a for sale on newsgroups for sale what? my laptop LOL that was my first guess seriously? yes you're going to buy a mac? if i sell it for more than you bought it not possible r u sure? people will not pay more than $1100 for it i thought you paid less than that eh 1047 not bad http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&category=42201&item=3486763011&rd=1 if i get more than $900 i'll do it that's yours? nah just an example ok yours is the same? yes same wireless card and everything that one will go over 900 yeah we'll see "i want a 12" they're hot have you seen the be-heading pictures? the ogrish server is swamped http://www.drudgereport.com/jp.htm good job i tell you what that shit looks real it is yeah bush whattup just took a fine shit what's up with you at the office thanks for the info i have one response to my computer FS FS? file system for sale and how was the response? the computer for sale yes he asked what the current high offer was i told him 850 without the case even tho that's the only offer err response when was this? today Dan yes how did it go with the email thing i'm done with it will you send it to me yes have a look tell me if i should change tx k right not it isn't in a specific format i have text put together but it's completely open to however you want to implement it ie choppy ok is that all you have to do at this point? no i have a bitch list for the website because I won't have access to it until i get to the office later and i'm trying to reschedule a meeting about the spanish version werd in a completely separate note... did you already re-design the SimpleC cursor? i don't recall yes i think or at least i made a few and then made a few more but that was all months ago right and my understanding is that all of the graphics i submitted were taking a back seat to coding or something right ok just curious i don't like the current that's all did you find one you liked? no but the current one is pretty raw IMO it is although but that means nothing until we can do something about it.... which we can't at the moment so is the rest of the program i'm like eh two versions ahead of what other people are seeing that arrow is not even symetrical there are some SERIOUS issues with what's being sold haha you like symmetrical? i don't really care as long as it doesn't look like i drew it with my asshole ha ;) that's how paraplegics do it feel the monday love? wait what are people called when they're boxing helena? no limbs? stumps ha i have no idea what you are talking about the movie Boxing Helena no idea where the guy cut off the girls limbs one by one and THEN fucked her ew ok glad i have no idea i feel bad for gzo why he's going to be the only one in the office until jason gets back yeah unless scott goes in more frequently i'm trying to arrange my week around not being in the city last week was a mess because you were partying um only to a certain extent Wednesday true thursday not Maria and this FUCKING WES THING was the bigger mes s although someday you'll have to ask me how my wednesday turned out lol other people's drama yeah and let me tell you how much over it I really am that whole argument between her and I two weeks ago got started because I was over it THEN we've now had the same conversation three time s and STILL no good w/e i'm over it in a big way did you get flash? yeah gettin books today good luck with that flash is fun its screwed up that they don't give you any with the program yeah i've played with it for a little the online tutorials blow i can see how it is going to be really fun but the help isn't that bad i'm getting three books a dreamweaver book about integrating with php and databases and such a general Building dynamic pages with studio mx 2004 book and a flash specific book you need to use databases/ ? Flash mx 2004 pro unleashed yes i do action script is to easy so it's not bad i finally started messing with it for my own website compared to real code "so, anyway,, if you want to have a look at the books, let me know" oh went to springboard this weekend "i think suzanne is going to get a 12" "and a 20" cinema display no shit yea good choice not till november tho who's paying for it? dude i still have yet to get a reasonable offer for my dell her dad tedi just showed up with my speakers and carlos just called all at once good deal yeah i guess i'm giving him softwarre? i didn't know why november? eh waiting for some reason i dunno hyave you gotten any other responses? why not list it on ebay? pain in the ass to list on ebay headed out to get books kj ahh yes? more books than i ever wanted ha from the bookstore? yeah paid for by Penn? naturally good deal dangerous to send us in that place with blank check yeah can't count the times it crossed my mind what did you get? just the three books i told you about earlier Flash MX 2004 pro Unleasehd building dynamic websites with studcio mx 2004 "dreamweaver mx 2004 with asp, coldfusion, and php" keep me busy i figure if i get through all of them i'll be pretty well versed no shit you going to do it at work? every chance i get yahoo automatically moved my account to 100mb that's pretty cool 2G if you pay for it i think i might work myself out an invitation to gmail if i cared i would i guess maybe i should care that's the last accoutn i would ever need i need new music! ha story of my life such as? hell if i know i'm on imri and anihouse loops for months wow seriously i forgot about the antihouse that's nearly all i listen to imri i'm taking a break from i mix it up with K&D although he has a new mix that i don't have really get it and share i'll try "man,,, i really want a 12" heh go trade in see if you can get a deal they had a program like that for a while "who would like to give me a definition of what music is...." at springboard? anybody apple ah dude that guy was def going to get 900 for his on ebay what did it end at? right 14 hrs later i think right but what price i dunno i'm going to check 928 not bad WORTH DOING yeah best decision you ever made then i have to come up with $600 drink the fucking koolaid oh shit my disc limit on my server is at 800Mb "Foreign restaurant is looking for talented artists to develop logo designs for a modern etsablishment. Monetary compensation for your work will be generous and negotiable. E-mail cmah@sas.upenn.edu for more information if interested." hey neat sounds like fun you going to write them? lol ? "looking for talented artists " burc you could submit i don't have any work to show tell them i'll do the design and if they like it they can pay me ?? isn't that the way it works? guess so how do i make sure i don't get screwed how would you be screwed? if they took the design ask what the rate is before you submit kewl jsut emailed good deal breakdown 3 has been played SO many times i'm talking to al right now "if it were on cassette, it wouldn't even play anymore" al? kiL0bYte tell him i need music ha how many times has it been played um over 100 easy check and see can't winap no itunes on work computer PHTP ? lame yeah well i guess i could put itunes on this machine but itunes is larger and etc than winamp So it is also Better eh not really BETTER for this application much better why for one thing all i need is to play you can check and see how many times you've listened to a song yeah i don't really want to know I do when did you send the file to me god knows check your iTunes last summer i'm sure or fall i'm sure i've had it for 9 months 36 weeks 180 days DEFINETELY over 100 plays that and breakdown 2 i like 2 better yesh i do to historically but i have turned to 3 to mix it up 21.20 into 3 is hot you know me.. sucker for percussion heh so i think i'm moving back into the city August 1st whre to with who 13th and Rodman "Al, Imri, Me, Maria" werd wait ? i have the email shit here k "Simplify your computer AND the Internet! End computer frustration today! Explore the Internet easily Power your computer with SimpleC What's better than having your email set up for you automatically? Having it done for FREE! SimpleC WEB, WRITE, GAMES, SHOW, EMAIL give you all you need, and more !!! Step-by-step ""How To"" lessons walk you through any process, eliminating confusion and frustration. Large single-click buttons and organized features make using the computer easier than ever. Start your SimpleC adventure today www.simplec.com  This message may be considered an advertisement or solicitation." let me know what you think there's just! so much! exclamation!!! take it off do what you want with it let me know if you need more text you sure it's not too long? if you want different text different tones etc brb back are you there? with maria and theresa round the pool do some work send me the flash presentation i am it's on the ftp i'm uploading carlos's software where on ftp what's the file nae hame name um simplec flash 6 or something do you want feedback now? or do you want to wait until i talk to jason and we submit feedback together.. as usual usual werd anything else you need from me now? nah i'm good you? nope writing the feedback now k shit is blazin who is what? the flash i was in a whirlwind wait... wait... wait all right dorothy 150 mph fur real oh for mother fucing sake ? uploaded 102 Mb file and at the very end it tells me it can't finish shit that blows i think it might all be there anyway "when we send you this feedback," do you usually have a conversation with jason? about what we send? because I want to talk to you after you recieve it this time usually after i read it i call and tell him what flies and what doesn't right well maybe a conference call or talk to me ok "I feel like on this, i can communicate with you better" and I know what jason wants basically each time we sit down i drive the decisions anyway i didn't think there was that much deviation from what you sent me in the first place right and after i have written up all i can about this version its just little things really ok well listen my family is here to pick me up write up wha tyou have and i'll call you about it which i know don't translate to little things on the redesign maybe tonight yeah ok. jason and i are talking tonight then i'll send laters can you come tomorrow afternoon? what u doing up this early i had this crazy dream about kung fu twins and it was over man talk about crazy dreams i'm also eyeing gmail invites on ebay ahh i had this dream where i went to some sort of KFC or maybe a little bit nicer sit down fast food-ish sort of restaurant with my ex and we started talking to this guy outside blah blah blah you're dreaming about katie? yes fucked up don't tell suzanne clearly i may buy one of these fuckers i'm getting nowhere with my laptop i may just keep it "and get a 12"" on top of that" you're not listing it in the right place i know #1 no one is HERE right i know i should do it on ebay if i really want to get something out of it what the hell are you going to do with it if you keep it? "basically, everybody but you will use it" in fact if i had to guess i'd say it would become property of Jason Zamer for nothing no i would remove it from the office ha good luck with that i already approached scott about ssi buying it what did he say poss he wouldn't give you 900 for it though eh i want this fucking account $5 do it $% $5 give me a break waiting until my bank opens to see if i have $5 you drink that in 2 min drank past tense what the hell you spending money on numbknuckles ? drinks remember those clothes i had on the other day? i had to go to target with maria just to have something to wear in the city a slight disaster that was $350 over three days for what for nothing that's what lol sorry but that's funny i am NOT doing it again next time i'm getting a hooker and just saving myself the trouble $900 for 24 hours 150 for one hail in Texas closed the Wal Mart alert the media $11.91 here we go gmail? YO did you pay for it yet? yes why eh this guy on the newgroups was selling or giving some eh it was only $5 someone offered me $750 "that, to me, is a pretty good deal" yeah i paid 1047 how long have you had it yearf riiiight i don't know what use i have for the aluminum case you'll want to keep i t why "for that tiny 12""?" you want a smaller case? just make sure it's rigid these things dent yeah TRUE i guess if i'm really travelling with it i could use the protection and space that's maybe the one thing i'm bewildered by def the protection i was looking for a metal case for a minute i hate the dent on my lid going to have to take it to a fucking car repair shop to have it fixed today i'm working on your ad and i don't know what else i called you last night about the flash thing what time i went to bed early 8:30 maybe that's od d did jason forward you anything regarding that? no oh and i know why i just checked my voicemail he had no computer access last night do you want me to forward you what i wrote up and we can discuss sure what u think i'm writing comments while i step through the flash werd i have a couple responses k "the help section is what moves, not the whole screenshot" yeah that was not the biggest point it is the entire screenshot the top bar drops and rises along with the help button as well as the yellow bar at the bottom WE ok i see it it's in the third frame #NAME? :-D "w/e, that's like 1 pixel" i know you watch this 30 times and see if you see it oh i did but i know what you're saying that's why i'm here to be the annoying asshole that catches everything wait that didn't come out right now what is my gmail going to be MEdgcumbe hells no wire wired 6 characters medcum voxels haha success what the hell is that http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voxel wonderful voxels@gmail.com great any comments about what i sent back to yhou a lot of it might not be worth the trouble of doing is all i think you're splitting hairs but most of it i'll probably do the last one is a pain in the ass i'm not doing any of it today which last one? what else are you doing today? your email ad the one about the mask over the changing levels yeah i agree with you on that how many of the email ad proposals are you going to make ha one 3 two and a half ok asshole :) "i don't usually get multiple ideas for things. i get one and the go with it until it doesn't work anymore, and then i might get another one" well i thought about it in terms of the text that I made and what i would say if someone told me to make 3 proposals of that "which, i would not be so willing to do" so i understand that "the difference, however, is that once i submit the first proposals" i am completely open to revisions/ modifications/ suggestions I am very happy to work like that with you give me one i'll give you feedback "i think the multiple solutions thing is the best way for an analytical problem, but in something like EQ, the efficient way is to work with your best idea" analytical solutions have comparable results whereas emotional ones are almost completely arbitrary and measure only by the end effect don't be so emotional i'm dropping my hotmail account you pay me to be emotional effective design standards the definition of art is evoking emotion excellent get to it later ha i'm pooping squeeeeeeeeeze what is it that you want to try to show in this email sell the best selling spam you ever seen that's what i want to see here's my issue what do we have to sell any decent email program filters out images from unsolicited mail dude ? we are giving it to beryl the images are to be online somewhere that's all i know most ppl aren't going to see the images wonderful i don't care screenshots are no good too small this is all part of working with beryl to see if his shit works right i assumed so maybe a button or something yeah sounds good email button seems to be the button of choice i dunno i like the trays better than the buttons what do you feel evokes the proper buying emotion whatever that buying emotion is exploit the bejeeebus out of it as white as humanely possible caucasion? no white the non-color do it show me white makes sense to me it's SIMPLE "although,, them ther idiots be lovin them some colour" other possiblity is to take the web application and put it inside of it inside of what put the text inside of the web window like you're looking at a web page through our web app the web app isn't so bad you all don't consider my tendency towards the minimal to be sexy enough TRUE "although if you really thought about it, you go more for the minimal than anything else, i.e. a 12 inch powerbook" yes that is me not the assholes i'm selling this to "um, i think the response to simplicity is general" i'm not designing or writing or anything for myself or my tastes and not limited to intelligent people "sure, but they need a reason to buy" as far as the art is concerned that reason only extends as far as having a design that's cohesive.. the reason you're looking for comes in the text right i just want art to match the text to look good so i can slut it out with words i'm not sure there needs to be a lot of art great whatever aligns with the text give me something to slut out i can't sell white i need my big box of art what can i do about this nothing need a headline such as simplec eats your asshole real good Experience the power of SimpleC oi vey SimpleC is computer simplicity "Make life easy, sign up for SimpleC" Power your computer with SimpleC "Life should be easy, power your computer with SimpleC" great take it i have tons i stayed up til 430 the other morning drawing shit writing shit all shit the coffee bonanza? nah alcohol wait smoke i forget i was bored tho dingdingding and didn't feel like sleeping for some reason i could sleep last night for shit i went digging for ambien ? old perscription i used to have in school i want to make an ad/flash/banner with the simplec logo and the power button on a computer k and the power your computer saying shi "the logo with ""SimpleC"" dropping into the power button somehow, then the power button glowing" some shit what do you tink sounds good or the other way around right play on imags play on words maybe a finger touching the power button computing with a touch of simple brb there was all kinds of crappy flow the other night ok i'd leave the finger out of it animating hands is like the most difficult thing ever i'd say faces are even easier time for lunch werd i think the text needs a different format more slutty button different text first so i know where to put it two or so paragraphs with by lines link at the bottom disclaimer tagged on at the very end in very small text right that was the intent you can't do any text formatting? just threw it in there to see what the blocks looked like what i'm looking for is bigger blocks of text? y it isn't possible for you to come up with what you want in terms of graphics? do you want me to tell you what to use? no no what to the second ok then show me what you are going to use and what the number of characters or words requirement is ok and i will write for that because I assume you have a layout in mind using whatever buttons or trays you want etc vaguely i think it should have some ties to the program graphics you know what email is not the button to use in an advertisement being sent by email lol that's a good point why do u say because it's advertising a service that people have already become accustomed to right "so, i'm thinking" web is not good either memo? well maybe email IS good we can say it happens with the touch of a button a touch of simplec lol i dunno its something to think about tho i'm looking through to see if there's anything else i like help yeah i thought about that does the new graphic have the word below the ico n ? yes that might piss some people off why show them the new help button in the email and when they get the product it is different that rules out a lot of buttons eh i' m not worried about that issue files ? i don't like many of these they're from a year ago i'm going to use files what the hell am i going to say about files large clear buttons werd ok do that for now you are still checking your smilingscreens email correct? it forwards to neocyde.net what's the problem with the order page? the bottom banner goes up and down behind the text and images etc etc as it has for the past fucking 2 months sigh jeeezus i've tried fixing it i've fixed it and i've stood over gonzo while he fixed it however he is doing that page is why it's like that at any rate most of this shit is pathetic that it takes this fucking long it isn't hard to do things right in an timely fashion ok ..........breathing.................. there are definitely descriptiions on the internet turoials maybe i didn't refresh lol now there are i also have the reviews page baneer at least 50 pixels below the end of the press seciton nevermind i went to the buy page first that kicks me out of test site right i'm the idiot ok going to ssi talk to you shortly you should have asked gzo about gmail i just got mine free buahahhahahh i got mine first that's what matters by any means necessary riiiight what if i had chosen my username to be dburciago then you would be gay wait..... you are gay damnit there is no power denying the logic "a bit sophomoric, i know" i don't think there should be that much text and I think there should be more graphics? you can cut the last paragraph if you like and make the box smaller there needs to be a buy it now button at the bottom ok or try it today what d oyou think try it err i don't know if that's possible y i think we are supposed to track the sales taht this email generates i dunno w/e have to ask gonzo when he gets back "but yeah,,, a button at the bottom" this is inevitably going to link to SImpleC.com two buttons? i dunno what i think about that could be too confusing? not as good for yielding sales right too many options right i agree can make the top banner into a passive link yeah... i like mine better than that its a lot more basic it's also a lot more clean the color in pdf never comes out as vivid as it is in illustrator i don't have illustrator that's annoying assholio i know assholio that's why i'm sending you pdfs god dan those are terrible yeah yours is much more appealing i must say "however,,, it lacks the BAM!!!!!!!!" if you know what i mean all right emril like the annoying red sticker buy me sticker lol good one that's what the bright green is for i don't have the png shizzle eh not here hold on open it with IE what's the dif between that and the one before didn't the color chage? yeah werd mine puts those others to shame what what hahha what about putting the advert solicit text in the grey box below th ebuy link "i thought about that, but i don't like the idea of it dangling off the end" i might make it lighter why not because it looks like it was forgotten about that's also where the copyright goes i do want to forget about the advert solict part you will for all i care we can put it below the grey it's in 8 point type in yellow font is that latin? greek files button higher? no why? more program grahpics? nah one is enough i'm happy with it come up with some text and then i'll reconsider it ok focker danburciago@gmail.com BITCH! does gonzo have one? gonzalobriceno@gmail.com BITCH! i like mine better and here's why great another mikee-ism shoot it nobody is ever going to register michaeledgcumbe@gmail.com so the option is always open i like mine and here's why people will always remember where to email me and i never have to explore my options "i, too, would have had the option of danburciago@gmail.com" i'm the one and only you are far from the one and only although you do show up in google i know who in the hell is the CAST clearinghouse? check it out what do you mean i am far from teh one and only haha you must have a thing for old people by the way i think i want my name removed from the smsc site i liked it better when i didn't come up something wrong with that page anyway the font size is too big "gonzo might as well just post signs that say ""i wuz here" i have no idea what you are talking about it looks fine here nope dude if you want it changed submit a replacement and he'll put it up free of charge free of tinkering the whole thing is due for a tuneup i don't like the way the layers are activated i more important things to worry about hve before i knew what the css was this cast thing isn't on our site is it? i just rated it what do you mean on our site linked no in the press section its not really press what is it i submitted that review so its just like a forum it's posted isn't it ha j/k fine fine w/e if you want leave it do it you know what i wish we would stop doing i got a call from the lady who reviews the cast stuff USING CAPITAL LETTERS TO DESCRIBE THINGS she basically told me it was to slutty she had to change the last sentence it was funny when i talked to her from/to where do we use caps? "PRINT, EMAIL, SAVE" NO HASSLE CHA CHA CHA FREE AND MEH meh "i say, meh" lol where? oh in my shit yeah cause it is SimpleC WRITE the caps note that it is an application within the program that's how i look at it see what i'm saying otherwise its just a fucking word its like branding our shit or something we don't list it that way in the program werd those could stand to change how long will it take you to put the text of the email advert together with the graphics? the original constraint is no longer a constraint not long i think why i am sending jason a first draft of the email and would like to put it in the graphics he is sending along to beryl just for sho send me the text and i'll copy it in aight it'll be a bit tell scott bears have been on the news all afternoon yeah? in what form? black bears running around trenton ha give me a word count for each section of the email count them yourself ha fucker i dunno what that is thro it into word i can't copy and paste cause its just an image 126 yeah something like that oh yhou did it with titles werd i got it i'm on it what the hell is that directly connect with me can't garbage ok emailing the first paragraph is one line too short and the second paragraph is five lines too long um deal with it? no five lines too long? yes the first one i can fix "SimpleC features large, single-click buttons with clear text and graphics to keep you pointed in the right direction. Additionally, SimpleC includes step-by-step ""How-To"" lessons to guide you through any process, one step at a time." last paragraph fine what do you think i can rework the first paragraph however the features that i would mostly talke about are email but i hesitate to do so because we show a file button it's fine i fixed it ok i have one other revision "SimpleC organizes all your computer needs into three areas: the Top Bar provides instant access to SimpleC applications (web, write, games, show, date, memo), the Left Bar allows you to print, email, save and more, the Main Screen serves as the workspace for all applications. This format allows you to quickly become comfortable with the computer, giving you more time to learn and explore." first paragraph only diff is the first sentence shouldn't those be seperated with semicolons? um you're guess is probably better than mine do it up FUCK its raining is it? are you having a pool party this weekend ? yes come food ok what day getting a keg of Sierra Nevada Saturday transportation/ ? maria she not bringing others/ ? dunno ask her what's the disclaimer? This message may be considered an advertisement or solicitation. "this guy has won 471,000 on Jeopardy in 15 days" shit bastard hermit has no life he doesn't lose he has an earpiece and someone on google haha no i think he's doing it on his own you should see his eyes they buldge bulgge loL that thing werd send me gif or jpg you'll take a png and you'll like it png is lossless jpg and gif are lossy png is fine for me for beryl is not why not so send whatever... but i need a version in something more standard png is a web standard ok send it alright that's that for tonight what about the flash what about it where you at with that same place i was yesterday get on your horse buckaroo meh tomorrow i'm sending you a slightly different one for christs sake see if you can tell what the dif is send it jacknuts if you wait a minute it will quit raining i give up what's the difference hahaha come back tomorrow young skywalker and ask me then fuck you tell me the outline of what the box in the middle you have a third change btw ? i sent you a third one what box in the middle the white one what are the differences the grey outline where? at the bottom ok i see that that's it? the last change was to add an outline for the entire box you didn't change the commas into semi colons nope i forgot do it damnit grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr sent not a bad little ad not bad at all werd i'm sick of work i'm leaving k laters talk to you tomorrow yup suz and i are coming this weekend awesome prepare your grandmother haha she's ready i think if not fuck her lil bastard alright.. laters tha'ts me later buahahahha ? i thought you left net at suzanne's ah "oh man, i just wasted the people at AppleCare" ? "i went through all the motions of having AppleCare transferred from my old powerbook to my new one back in February, and i called today to find out it was never done" bitches trying to tell me that i'm going to have to pay for asking a question ha you tellem nothing quite as satisfying as yelling at customer service and man i don't get to yell often enough i'm sure it was something to hear from three floors away "bitches were trying to tell me that they were going to assign me a new case number and that i could follow up. what bitches didn't realize is that I wanted to talk to the damned department DIRECTLY. ""They have failed me."" I said. Now, I have a phone number AND an email address. Bitches." turns out i can send faxes on this puppy too mass faxing "with ""YOU SUCK"" written on it" damn i need a shower feeling dirty? i can smell myself smells like Victory 8 new messages awesome ? voicemail app i checked them last on june 15th no answer on jason's phone still i'm going to move down the list to? fixing the SMSC site maybe right after i call M-Audio and have it out with them i never actually got an answer to my question gotcha "wow, he was much better than the last guy" i've never heard so much nonsense in my life i'm starting to think breakdown 3 is better than 2 i'm starting to think that 11 gigs of music is about to be erased ?? i'm tired of all of this i'll have to get breakdown 3 again what's the problem you need a powerbook i do "no problem, other than i could possibly wear myself out of 11 gigs of music" in what two months? yeah i have a lot and i'm just sick of i http://www.apple.com/ see this shit? bmw oh yes i want a mini a fast one with a flag on top or something rainbow flag? nah USSR great "currently, i'm taking the new screenshotts" werd i wish the 12 had the connectivity of the 15 what's missing? s vid fire 800 gigabit ethernet no shit pc card what are you going to use a pc card for? i dunno i just don't want to miss out ha i've never seen anyone use a PC Card in a mac even though they've had the port for 10 years yeah me either i use both my FW800 and SVID ports tho are you sure there's not a video out? mini dvi http://www.apple.com/powerbook/ has USB 2.0 tho mine does not right and you can't do a damn thing about it "i'm told that the controller is actually a USB 2 chip, but disabled for some reason" you know profit "you're going to have to start doing your own flash websites, so you won't fuck with mine as much" yes websites? or presentations w/e same diff making a change isn't all that easy mon frere mon frere ? mon frre yes what does it mean literally? my brother are you sreious is it that hard the level of difficulty isn't so much as the amount of work that has to be redone you have to start from the beginning of any particular element difficult to just update you could remote into my machine and use flash on here using Virtual PC? using remote desktop xp using what machine oh i was thinking if you had a xp pro emulator running you might be able i would but it would be mindnumbing Apple just released Remote Desktop 2 which i believe lets you control windows machines that's pretty hot but it's more expensive than flash ha all this shit should be free wait... then we'd never make money ha wait... we don't make money on Apple's servers LO)L on Apple's servers they have every program they make for FREE little did i realize how much i haad but that was before they had things like FCP 4 and Logic and Remote Desktop 2 which IS utterly hot btw you can control up to 50 machines at once that's nuts http://www.apple.com/remotedesktop/ http://www.reflective.net/cgi-bin/cgiwrap/imri/forum/ikonboard.cgi?act=ST&f=11&t=11194&st=&&#entry109916 ask and ye shall receive yeah i was thinkin since you are going to live with them there grandmasterdjs that you should have less complaining to do oh i'll probably find something to gripe about right albeit less complaining thank him for me helps me work np i will i'm backing up all the SMSC materials nice i have like 6 gigs now next time you are in the office dump all that shit to a machine putting it on my external HD everything that too that way it exists in multiple places "program, website, printed... all graphics" yo suzanne asked if we should bring anything saturday um good question one sec what we have already: "hamburgers, hot dogs, wings, leg of lamb, mac & cheese, red beans & rice, twizzlers, a half keg of Sierra Nevada, probably a handle of vodka, rum, and maybe scotch" chips maybe? ummm yeah... chips... potatoe salad? and we have a salad bacon potatoe salad? yes dan quayle that would be awesome ok you already have regular potato salad? or regular salad nope regular green salad but i have no idea how big it is ok hour and a half to compress and three minutes to copy waht's that Smiling_Screens_62304.zip have you heard from jason? no i like the end of this mix ok what's else to do ? what have you done taken the screenshots and backed up the files nie nice alright i'm about to swithc offices http://www.gfxartist.com/community/member_gallery/44673?continue=true umm too much time on his hands? dude that's amazing what he did what's up' working on neocyde.net what's up with you jasons says you have an entire list of things to do that he went over with you before he left i did them "additionally, can you mail out a copy of the most recent bellsouth presentation with the most recent flash presentation integrated to scott sameer jason and myself" do you want it before or after your changes before yup jason is reviewing the flash and my changes now and should be calling me shortly and/or sending out an email with HIS changes k you made all the changes to simplec.com already? i think so ok i haven't added the videos right hook that up after you email out the presentation i don't want to put up the original flash presentation if we're going to have a new one finished within days it is of immediate concern it is needed to secure funding it is needed by tomorrow end of day but has been requested sent immediately then use what you've got i'd rather put the second one up there than the first if it's absolutely necessary "right, the one we have now?" "yes, with the blue background, not the white" right with the screenshot flying in from below right on the website ? what's the fucking rush we are missing each other not on the website emailed out to scott jason sameer and myself inside the bell south presentatoin i would suggest using the one we have now and just slowing it down in the places i noted slap it into the ppt presentation and email it iout slowing it down is a general thing fine "it takes a while to slow it down in ""places" fine general then i wouldn't consider it worth your time to take the time to do it in specific places was jason able to play it? not yet can you put the www.simplec.com web address on the brochure sometime? or do you not think that makes sense? i don't even remember what the brochure looks like alrihgt nevermind i'm sending this to you to see if it works my copy of powerpoint doesn't support active x which means that i can't embed the control in the presentation from here i've put it in a link to a web page as far as i know the PSC movie is still embedded see if it works you finished the group order forms? or are those even on your radar the what order forms group? right for instance and organization i assume you've never heard of this fugetuboutit no idea did you get anything back from zamer yet? no should the flash take up the full screen in the ppt ? "um, i was displaying it at half size because the powerpoint presentation size is dependent on the size of the screen it's being displayed on and the flash gets resized in any event" ok so should it be sized to the full screen scott says its a control and wants to know whether or not to size it at full or half screen 462 X 334 in a block that's not full screen ok so within the ppt slide yup not at full slide right anything beyond that do you care/ try to make it a round multiple of the size because otherwise the graphics gets distorted 25% 50% w/e original size is 924 X 668 are you coming in tomorrow? friday what number are you at now home ............. 8568456586 alright man... talk to you tomorrow time to go talk to some seniors later i want my powerbook now what are you waiting for>? i don't really know go get it http://www.gofishpictures.com/GITS2/ they don't have any there who doesn't computer connection when do they get more what am i watching? ghost in the shell 2 whattup looking at recipes for a mint julep werd i don't believe i have any use for a superdrive k can you think of any uses? maria uses hers like it's going out of style i use mine to back up my shit right... but i would use an external for that external hd? yeah what does maria use hers for? copying dvds like movies? yes i thought that was difficult to do tedi does it all the time really well i thought htere was some issue with them not fitting on regular dvdrs "in light of this information, i will have to investigate further" you run them through a processor to get them down to one disc lose quality? some noticable/ ? um do they play on dvd players? honestly i don't know some there's a list of what they will play on gotcha i'll have to check it out yeah i don't do it you are a quite useful friend because i really do think it's a pain in the ass HA quite the useful yeah tedi's a little more into it werd i'll have to speak with mr tedi he'll be back next week where he be? in the woods nice 2898.63 for WHAT "12""powerbook + 20"" cinema display" ah that's with tax included there releasing new displays in like a week really yes are they supposed to be better? 20 inch is going to be smallest/cheapest 20 in 23 in 30 in yeah that studio display is lave lame do you have a website link that has info http://www.thinksecret.com/news/newdisplays.html yo g what's up nada where you at what's the schedule for manan a suzanne's if you want to swim come round 2 actually you're coming with maria well who wanted me to tell you to call her i'm comin with maria ahh ok will do how did your day go? fucked up y didn't succeed at what i was working on php mailer sucked php? yeah for SEO? yeah what's PHP web language ok dynamic pages connecting to databases you need to use it in an email? an automated email function triggered by a web form ah did you see the flash> ? and all i was trying to do was preserve the line breaks ? flash? "yeah, i sent you an email last night" ah i didn't look at it yet http://www.php.net/ nothing gets me angrier more quickly than programming shit doesn't work like the first five times you try it left message with maria even though it's EXACTLY what's inside the instructions what is the ftp site? and then you end up with 6th time that it does smsc.com because you just tried something for the hello fit dude i have a keg of Sierra Nevada a handle of Ketel One a handle of white rum jeeeezus a fifth of Glenfidditch "and a leg of lamb, fo yo pleasa" i can't believe your grandmother is going to allow this ha she said she was moving to alaska plus haha for tghe day? i think there's only going to be like 15 peope for good for real? Nah i fucked up the butterscotch got to figure out how to do it tomorrow have the grill tho and all kinds of toys toys? ping pong balls for beirut set up a badmitton court cards what folder on ftp and an inflatable seat with a water gun on it for the pool badmitton lol printed materials badmitton is fun! oh yes it is maria was trying to get frank to come would have been AWESOME if he did yeah but he's a punk jk "he said ""maria, i've been travelling for 40 days and 40 nights" lol Dan. yes? LOL nothin trying to decide at what time i'm going to start tomorrow i called maria left her a message she no talky now she'll call you back i think she was getting in the shower she's in th eburbs ahh double ahhh dude yes i have an interested party for 900 no shit aside from lame ass SSI i thought scott was going to buy it for 900 "told me today though they they were ""waiting on money" about flash yeah i hope they're not out again it's only been like a month it will be ok for the next 4 or so months oh good filename simplec_something flashbellsouth ok flash 6 yes god i'm so excited i want to go to bed right now just so it will be tomorrow i'm currently exploiting the shit out of someone's wireless network lol lil kid shall we still bring chips? sure yeah anything else? fruit LOL nah there's lots here you're the fruit ha i want more fruit i bet you do to sample uh huh i'm am dying to see this guy on jeopardy get beat fur real we just clicked through it "$520,000 " what a bastard what disease? leprosy DAMMIT bastard ass SOB seriously i'm going to go play video games thanks for saturday thanks for coming "i went through the flash, trying to find some good background music" ha you think it needs music? i dunno its silent as is but then i figured music would distract from the words only thing about music is file size yeah....... could just loop a shorter section if you had each section timed... just loop one part of a song "i tried putting in a track i had, and it didn't exactly work" "i've got Garage Band, so i could put somethign together" i tried kruder and dorfmeister and rjd2 not too bad have to use non-commercial music yeah would we tho? would we? i thought rights were for rebroadcast i dunno probably but i bet you we would get away with it doubt any of the people we'd play it for would recognize "fair use allows 30 second clips maybe, but i think only for non-commercial uses" ahh what else is going on? trying to find this part for my bike which i had found the other day but now is escaping me dude.. girls are completely fucking psycho all girls or just some girls suzanne ahhh we were planning this 4th of july bbq right and now she says she doesn't want to do it at her place oh my "what's more, she might go to SF to visit her friend" ah um what? right that's what I said is there anything behind it? potato salad that's what it's really about? she got upset cause i want to do the bacon potato salad and she didn't want to do it then it was ok now it isn't because she doesn't want people to like mine better blah blah oh dear lord and i haven't been so extatic about the festive bowls and shit whatever have you a solution ? she is really trying to pass this off like it makes sense i don't understand she just called and told me she felt like she was getting used don't argue with her... let her act it out and eventually she'll realize she's being irrational "because it's my family, my friends" yeah i dunno i just hung up on her ha ouch "um, i don't necessarily agree with her" but i don't think it's something you can talk your way out of the Apple Keynote from WWDC starts in 10 minutes fucking psychotic where are we at now? ok... as long as you help me plan it and don't knock my ideas so much dramatic bullshit ignore it screw that i'm so sick of it then learn how to be a monk everytime this happens i make my way a centimeter closer to the door that is only 6 centimeters away dan "for a person who works in black and white, that statement was awfully gray" at any rate my patience for the situation is wearing quite thin its the complete lack of maturity and mature communication that really pisses me off just a spoiled little brat that throws a tantrum if she doesn't get her way don't make a decision while you're angry. you might already have all of the information but you're going to feel more comfortable with it if you can make it under normal circumstances clearly i'm chillin for now but the number of times i can regroup from this is decreasing i'm starting to think i just need to be in a different situation that's perfectly rational so anyway what's this about apple? the world wide developers conference is going on right now Steve Jobs' keynote about Tiger they've already annouced the new displays and he's going over the technology going to have a webcast of it later today prices for displays? "20"" - $1300" "23 "" - $2000" "30"" - 3300" plus a $600 graphics card to drive it because no other graphics card can that's completely stupid "so for a 20" you have to spend 1900? no the card is just for the 30 inch takes up two DVI ports running in parallel damn yeah oh i fixed that thing write files y nice i don't think there's much more you could do to it "yeah, i'm not going to mess with it much more until we get a new version of the software" right with the green line and all the new buttons is jason back? no\ we might end up just skipping over that interation that was almost three months ago now i think yeah started to get new ideas already any effect on the prices for the current monitors/ ? they'll probably drop to clear inventory any idea when? when are the new ones available? next month any other earth shattering news? nothing suprising http://www.apple.com/ that 30 is huge yeah http://www.apple.com/macosx/tiger/dashboard.html what's the good word finally coming around from the weekend how are you doing? just fine pookie is in town i heard with his girlfriend dixie heard that too i think they may visit me today pookie and dixie Marvel Comics dixie and pookie or maybe just the funny pages yes either that or i was going to come to the city will probably call in a few hours and see what they're up to werd http://www.shimanoxtr.com/# i wish we could do sites like that why can't we for a different product maybe for ourselves is this what you were looking for? the part? eh i'll show you the exact part http://store.airbomb.com/mmASCTEST/Images/large/q/CR5158.jpg what is it keep in mind that part is 175 mm long made of aluminum how long is 175 mm? less than a foot ~8-9 inches and why do you want them? just one because the one i have is stripped out on the inside what is it? crank arm the pedal attaches to one end ok "the other end to the font gears,," and you already have these basically "yes, i ahve the complete set" ok can you get just one? yep $50 for that one piece the other side looks like this http://store.airbomb.com/mmASCTEST/Images/large/q/CR8440.jpg oh shit it comes with the gear attached? one side i guess that side is more expensive http://bike.shimano.com/product_images/FC/ev_images/EV-FC-M760-2261.pdf yes it is that is a complete set hahaha but that is the new complete set i will buy after getting this part wait what? the advantage being that the one i just showed you has an axle all the way through you're going to buy a new part sell it and buy the whole thing? right http://bike.shimano.com/product_images/FC/ev_images/FC_M571_EV.pdf see how this last one does not have the piece of metal going towards teh other side? specifically... there is no perpendicular tube attached to part #8 on the last one ok "vs, the first schematic which has #8 with a tube" the tube makes it what stronger lighter more durable less parts etc because in the case of the second version there is an entire part they build with bearings and shit packed into it that goes between #8 and #9 ah the difference is noticable? yeah superior design and i imagine that it will last longer and require less maintenance and eliminate the problem i have with the current model which is the stripping? right stripped because of lack of post which was caused by part #9 coming loose from the part which the post replaces i see the bike won't look much different are you riding outside of just back and forth to Penn? outside as well http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&category=42317&item=3684895317&rd=1 check out how cool that one looks that's the step up from what i'm getting hmmm i've always been a fan of gunmetal gray right i wish i had all the money in the world i woudl buy it and it is also 60 grams lighter one for the bike and one for the desk yeah http://i16.ebayimg.com/01/i/02/07/98/f4_1.JPG what's thatA? the entire assembly used but gives you an idea of what it looks like put together not on a bike what's it made out of Al are the teeth supposed to bend like that? you mean in a different pic where they look like waves? no this last one you sent me the teeth look bent http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&category=56193&item=3685041796&rd=1 yeah i see what you mean no those chainrings will have to be replaced that comes from the tension of pedalling do you really end up beating the shit out of it like that? yeah the inside of the rings looks worse cause that's where the chain rubs to move to the next gear in a year he did that AND he still is getting $150 for them nuts yeah high end bike parts dude they are made to be light and strong that thing new costs $500 you could buy an entire bike why was the gray one only 350? the model i'm going to buy? cause it weighs 60 grams more essentially no the one step up OH More not Less weighing more costs you less weighing less costs you more right i can't read jason's handwriting neither can i is he gone for this week as well? back sometime later this week neat what ya need? nothing really just wondering how much longer i have to play around with stuff what stuff most everything is fair game right now just whatever comes to mind yeah i thought you meant handwriting that shit makes no sense i sent you what i could figure out all you're supposed to do is make the buttons right? probably i'm not messing with it though that's not really a spec as much as it is a cocktail napkin right the old lcd's aren't even on the apple website "the 17"" is" right you'll probably have to get it from a reseller who want's that piece of garbage ha not for 700 that's for sure http://www.macmall.com/macmall/families/powerbook/ don't think that's better than computer connection not at all actually $1400? that's for a 1ghz ah "for the 1.33, it's $5 lower than from apple's site" "before you take into account the ""FREE"" stuff" did they really just drop the price? who apple? yeah they're price is the same "$1,599 " for the 12 combo vs the macmall's 1594 what a deal LOL i was checking to see if the monitors had been relisted yet and an entire $105 on the old monitors from macmall which is still more than the computer connections 2 weeks ago i'll have to see if computer connection is goign to drop their price where are you now? by the pool bastard going to go back inside and watch the keynote i think what are you up to? penn sittin lol ? everything macmall has is $5 cheaper what a discout extra memory too tho yeah i guess compared to apple its cheaper with that considered but not compared to computer connection which gives you the 12 combo with applecare for $1540 and the extra 512 costs you $120 "$8,122.95 " ? the mac i would consider buying desktop? yes God "with a 30" ? that's like a fucking car of course yeah clearly nuts 8GB ram for $4650 that's not even the best you can get "$17,545.95 " can you imagine spending 17 thousand on a desktop computer "i just built one for $15,000+" yeah you better never leave your home and build a lot of website s ha or something if i had that kind of money i'd buy two one for my room and one for the porch i'd just buy a wall of lcd's that's a fucking workstation i don't care what you call it might as well buy an SGI it's stupid "i don't think i need more than the 12"" and a 20" "nah, i wish i had another screen for this" "i'm working on two 19"" lcd's now" its nice "yeah, i could def use it" cassini is going into orbit at Saturn tonight going to be on the nasa channel um sweet? HA yes good god that display is enormous the 30? yes yeah it is it's like what made you realize the size of my arm i'm watching the keynote from yesterday on web? yup link me apple.com i'm thinking about changing the text on the front of the brochure to? what's on the front of the box i'll have to look at it when i get to the office "from ""make computer simple, fun, & hassle free. to ""Learn to Use a Computer in One Afternoon. Guaranteed" OH HOLY SHIT Alias Sketchbook is available on OS X that's NutZ i want i WANT what is it http://www.alias.com/eng/products-services/sketchbook_pro/index.shtml Myst 4 is going to be awesome i'm on the ipod video computers are the shit ha yeah i just want to be able to work from home make and spend my money via computer what a collection of computer nerds Haha yeah def the orbit guy almost makes me cry the other presentations were a little meh the people at this conventcion already knew all the stuff was coming yup most of it i wonder what Jobs' system looks like i'd say he has several i mean somebody's got to keep the prototypes its all designed to be able to have multiple imagine having everythign you want all your left with is emotional bullshit jesus HA its like his entire upperbody RIGHT? fucking NUTZ just downloaded downloaded? sketchbook oh yeah? a demo? yeah but it didn't install oh well spotlight is pretty hot "yeah, i think it will extend well" wonder how it works search is supposed to be longhorn's big thing but they dropped some of the functionality dude this just makes me want the mac so much more ha it gets better like its going to make me money or something saves time oh good god ? Core Image just wait oh he's such a fuck steve jobs is mean ?? i want it now watch him set the miami clock in dashboard jeeezus i just got to the point where spotlight indexes words in pdfs ha that's fucking hot yeah its going to find everything i like the natural speech part like what scott was writing for the date recurrence right yeah we need to develop based on unix linux right linux sucks tho sucks BALLS compared to this i want to do this shit for life open source could never come up with this shit it's good for services but not for eye candy its amazing how easy they've made computers "yeah, pretty difficult stuff too" if you think of what's going on behind the scenes seriously where do you want to put the website addressx? on the brochure? where do you think i don't know. you might want to refresh the text on the back yeah i totally agree is this one of the things youare supposed to be doing? or just putzing around/ "there's not much ""supposed to be doing"" at this point" as far as i know alrgith i'm going to need your hellp on making a press document basically taking the NYTimes article "and blowing it up to full page, using the front page and section titles" when are you in the office next? i imagine it will be necessary for you to be there in order to do this tomorrow? do you have a scanner at your place? yes a good one? yes you didn't see my scanner? nah maybe i'll come to you tomorrow heh ok sounds good checking the weather dude supposed to be nice the weather is intensely amazing right now i know fuck you i'm coming there tomorrow ok how do i get there? bus? maybe i can borrow roxana's car car yeah would be much more efficient i'll look into it ask her to come what's the deal with pookie tho he just called me on his way to south street going to either come pick me up or just come visit today today ok perhaps tomorrow ok he has a car too werd have you talked to hiim? well i don't want to tie him down tho no i have not want his number? i am busy for the rest of today anyway ok i need to get this shit done for adam ahhh i'm leaving here in the next few min ok and headed to my apt then to work you have to finish the keynote downtown the shit at the end is ridiculous yeah... maybe tomorrow i'm on the core whatever part just saw the intro screen the video effects are the shizzle "yeah, real time edge detection is like whoa" fur real however you think is best we can also use our own screenshot i agree with you that the scanning idea is not the best i need to see the article the physical? i can try and scann k did you understand the email from jason? most of it good do you know how to scan using the office scanner? no scanning now do you think it would confuse the hell out of people if i reordered some buttons? probably well maybe not that much because most people are only going to see them for the first time i would not mess with it tho consider the people we're working with they have labels tho i'm coming to work there tomorrow is pookie coming there tomorrow or tonight? i haven't heard from him i got roxana s carr oh yeah? yes sir ok so i guess i'll see you here then did she want to come>? she did badly but she has work she said soon tho ok anything you want me to bring? not off the top of my head but thanks ok... i'm going to work on scanning this crap some more k then if i can't i'll just bring the paper with me and we can take care of it tomorrow i have a great scanner here i just bought it nice what time you waking up tomorrow hahahaha are you serious? sure why not i can't remember the last time i used an alarm clock although i'm usually up by 10-11 cool i'm supposed to take care of some stuff with suzanne early in the morning ok i should be there around the time you wake up 11am ok http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/South/06/29/teacher.sex.ap/index.html damn she's hot right? what if you were that 14 year old i would not have said shit oh my god i'd be straight "i mean," she's all made up but still um she's hot i'm trying to forget about that bastar d http://www.simplec.com/articles/phl-inquirer-03-04.html we need to print that as well any suggestions i'm going to bring the hard copy of the NYT article tomorrow ok i don't have a printer right but we can get it ready to print right? yes "this is better than the physical article, right?" either way alrigh t i'm bringing the NYT physical cause we need the other headers k "alright, should i call your cell tomorrow morning?" call the house ok i forget which exit and stuff... so i'll call when i'm across the bridge ok it's 21 alright talk to you tomorrow laters this asshat is cleaning up in jeopardy again by the by we've been using the 1.5 screenshot in the brochure for quite some time do you think that's a problem? up already? yes sweet ok i'm out to do some errands be there in 1.5 hrs k want anything? food? nah but thanks "http://www.dpreview.com/ http://www.steves-digicams.com/ http://www.dcresource.com/ http://www.pcphotoreview.com/ http://www.dcviews.com/ http://www.megapixel.net/ http://www.imaging-resource.com/ http://www.photoxels.com/" http://www.tampabays10.com/news/news.aspx?storyid=8847 http://www.local6.com/news/3477108/detail.html http://www.maximonline.com/world_o_sex/articles/article_5891.html "When I see this guy, I had to leap forward and make sure I was seeing. I thought, 'That is a bare butt,'"" Joseph Glackin said." http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=1025&ncid=1025&e=1&u=/wdiv/20040629/lo_wgal/2268837 "http://www.thesun.co.uk/article/0,,5-2004300939,00.html" ok what's up nada you? feelin the chicken still LOL and i had three donuts this morning that chicken was gooood lord felt i had to stay true LOL can't find roxana but that's not a big deal might be at work i've come to the conclusion that Jason doesn't know how to manage and I'm in the middle of writing an essay about it why just to clear this awful way of communicating up we said to do the buttons that way but nobody asked me why i didn't why i'm copying you on the email it will be in there oh jeebus alright wel the main screen part makes sense to me the top bar is not part of the main screen yet it is fully light just read the explanation when i send it to you i think we just need more communicating there is no back and forth "well, you're gonna get a whole heaping helping of it here in a minute" wonderful i want my wallet and my shorts ha sounds like fun adam liked your news.pdf oh yeah? yeah should i print it full colour? good to know i don't think that's necessary but if you like yeah.. i think bw is fine is it possible to have a css that treats different links differently on the same page sure i think you just use a different definition for the links maybe you can use no definition for a: and then apply whatever you want to the actual links "yea,, i have to learn css better" it'll be less work in the end i may quit this job ok.............. anything else? i'm not trying to be funny i'm really disappointe with having to say that at least accept the idea lol its a fucking presentation talk about dwelling you wanted communication no i'm saying that's communicating from jason oh yeah did you get the second email ? the one just a few minutes ago? yeah all full of shit some of it is reasonable some of it is like he's not even thinking about what he's saying he's most likely seeing red at this point and saying it in such a way that i'm five year sold and tahts' why i know one thing ? all three of us have seen it too much and are therefore ocmpletely biased if you show it to gonzo he'd think it was absolutely fine and while I think there is the point that if we are in the business of simplification "yes, he just said that offhand a few mintes ago" "and we can't convey a presentation in a simple cohesive manner," then it reflects poorly on our company however i do not think that the presentation is THAT bad at this point and usually i will nit-pick until there aren't any nits left i thought the version that i sent you was presentable the presentation is quite effective and clear in its current state a lot of what he's asking for is just overkill i don't know it doesn't bother me so much to put in if he really wants it the way this should work is we all should view it together comment as we go through stopping it and playing it that what you and i did with that word file but look "Learning box - Do not show the help menu, only once it start pointing to the calendar, only the learning box should not be darkened - only the learning box should not be darkened; upon the presentation saying that ""SimpleC prompts you along the way"" the learning box should be enlarged with a focus upon the phrase ""Click Next"" this focus may be achieved by darkening everything except the click next phrase and the Next button." "outside of that, jason takes his side and feels like he has to get his way" that right there is impossible to do literally the box falls off the screen and the next button isn't all there and he didn't even look at it and he's insisted on it three times i don't think i'm being unreasonable when i point stuff like that out some of the other stuff is negotiable like the step by step and i really don't think putting a mask over everything all the time is going to help overall but even that is something we can discuss but the demanding and getting angry over it is getting to be unreasonable for me it doesn't improve my day to have these kinds of discussions and it might not even be worth the experience it needs to be more of a discussion of getting to learn more about this that's it if we keep having to hate on each other i dunno i think he's probably frustrated/tired from his trip no excuse nope sorry anyway it's more than just this trip i know it's classic bad management and i'm not blameless at ALL but i know when i'm being abuse d "when you don't do what is requested, supply a reason/logic" because it does come off as if you are simply disregarding/ignoring "on the other side of that coin... the recipient should ask ""why did you not do...." "yeah, i mean, should i really write up a justification for every piece that i submit?" that seems excessive if you are specifically not completing a requested item and not necessarily write up but somehow explain why it just took me two hours to write that email for four points right it woudl have taken 10 minuts to talk about maybe 25 with the presentation in hand i'm calling jason.... i don't even know where he is brb k when can you come to philly next? i'm in philly right now ahhh good times he's still in dc supposed to call me back shortly i'm moving back into this city in a month "and, as i guessed.... has been dealing with complete incompetence" listen i am anything but incompetent i know that but it's hard to transition between the two....... at least for him apparently cause he does have to list things out step by step for others holding their hands and then he tries to do that with you.. which does not apply micromanaging is not going to work in his facor favor in any event sure but he has to do that with others its pathetic that's an HR issue yeah but really there's too much to do for too few people i don't think it's as much of an HR issue as it is a psychological issue because the people who are doing TEA stuff are idiots Ha and he's having to micro manage that shit Dan. You know i will not be micromanaged i know this ok i think that's a big part of it that he tries to cause he has to with them so much he just keeps on steamrollin and doesn't realize that he shouldn't and that it works against him wasting time/effort this is really it though it has to change or business changes between us right and really it's just business if someone were hired on a contract basis.... it might work better just giving them tasks if they were not responsible for original ideas i think that's an amazingly bad idea given the way we delegate work and the way work gets processed no one would ever get paid for getting something done because "most things are never ""done" around here "right, either that, or we would pay 5 times for one thing" right and you would end up with a very limited vision they don't realize this believe me jason does NOT want to make the decisions that i make for him if he goes much farther upstream he's going to end up with shit on his desk of his own doing "i think it's reasonable to say that i'm a better artist than he is, and he has said it himself many times." so micromanaging my art with his vision ends up with the shitty vision that's logical right? but if he see's soemthing as open for improvement fine such as emphasizing the buttons or whatever he's not open to alternatives and when were into details like this and i keep saying this it's mostly arbitrary and really i'm supposed to be the one that makes the call over what's arbitrary i know that for me it makes it much clearer if only the button in question is light up because i'm supposebly the professional in this regard and if you read my response i say that's fine on that specific issue... but i also understand the difficulty but the technical issues outweighted the strength of clarity right "ok, but i'm still getting taken to the mat for making that call" because you didn't explain at all you are half right i didn't have the opportunity to explain there was no discussion there were no questions there was a request and a response there was a submission which did not fulfill without explanation as to why then a reactionary reponse to the lack of fullfillment if it were a verbal conversation it would have been smooth a question would have followed if it were a verbal argument a reaction would have followed now we're having an argument instead of a conversation and i'm not the one that's caused it no he did the situation did whatever the solution is to tlak about it instead of shooting arrows this is why i can't talk to sameer though it's the same pattern and if it's really going to be like that with jason then i'm only realizing it right now and it's not acceptable with sameer its acceptable because i never have to work with sameer with jason i'm sorry but i hate being dragged down into this kind of drama basically jason should have discussed instead of throwing it back end of discussion ok right? i'm going to to take a walk that's what i think do that i'll be here until i get ahold of roxana call jason did you call jason going to finish my snickers bar first lol do that you'll need the engergy i'm going to play squash with gzo k take it out on the squash ball might be a sinking ship everyone should jump off of anyway.. i'm seeing red talk to you later i'm not going to argue with him if he gets foolish with me i'm going to hang up and that will be it i think you would have been better to tell him why you didn't do what we requested when you submitted it that's the only thing i can say ok i don't necessarily agree with either of you its a process problem whatever time to smack something i'll talk to you laters howzit decent yiou?? ditto i was walkin all over NYC yesterday with the fam see anything fun? not really LOL some ass right other than that the normal shit weekend was a bit of madness well... the normal tourist shit right that's fun to me tho dude yes waiting in line at th empire state building not fun LOL ok TRUE i guess you can't pay to get to the head of the line like you can at six flags eh you can actually oh yeah? sign up for some package guided shit or something meh ripoff it wasn't that much faster wait for tix wait for elevator wait for next elevator LOL wait to get down wait to get down the next elevator "yeah, the down part is what gets me i think" what a scam who picked that excursion? "central park, plaza hotel, trump tower, 5th ave, Ground Zero, statue of lib" all kinds of shit um parents it was their first time to nyc all of them parents and brother OH how much fun for them then yeah its funny "cause they're like.. ""it's just so dirty" LOL dude "everything is old" try the 1980s yeah New York is clean not like Denver I guess yeah colorado is CLEAN LOL they have space to hide the trash we also took septa/njt OH my that was an experience no shit was it crowded? "black girls on their cellphones,,, phones on speaker" not bad at all it was hilarious awesome slice o life "yes, this is what i live with" do they even have black people in CO? LOL yeah plenty actually military bases right immigrants but still not like here natives the natives are restless here "as hot as it was yesterday, i can sympathize" oh man i walked them from penn station to empire to times square HA and then to central park ha that's like 50 blocks nah 34th is penn station same area for empire then times is where??? 43rd? 44th? somethin like that eh then 15 to CP from there it was a hike tho i had to kill some of their energy or i would have been doing all kinds of crazy shit all day the park starts at 60th yeah... 59th LOL walk their asses down to the statue nah that was made clear food then cab did you stay in the city? nah came back last night are they still here? arrived 11pm at 30th and went to Geno's mm yeah.. they're doing philly today i lined them up with a full day constitution center? nah where at? "art mus.. lib bell, inde hall, old city, penns landing, south street" they're staying at the warwick 17th and locust k i want to see that thing myself who's got the time what's that Constitution Center yeah i have yet to be inside kimmel oh man it's nuts they have a drum circle there at sunrise on sundays maybe good for post club experience i have nothing to do correction i have very light choices of work nothing seems imminent maybe that's a good thing? i have no idea what is going on neither do i i'm in the office really maybe we'll get lucky and see someone jason will be there later he's busy this morning gonzo isn't there ? he's here jason needed someone to cover for him at PSC cause he had to be at Tioga ok i couldn't because of meetings here at penn today do you have your laptop back? yes alright you will never guess who just showed up you should contact jason for your next work who? sameer sameer wow with a haircut even amazing i feel priviledged how long are you there for? until i find a better purpose in life come meet me for lunch that's a much better purpose whereat? white dog? food trucks? i don't really care white dog what time 12? you got it perfect i'm going to drop by wharton on the way sounds good agreed ha hows it going? and i want a retro case that has teh digital buttons on it eh... going... i haven't been in the office yet i thought the do it yourself aspect might appeal to you i'm on an even worse proposition than you.... work for free so i don't attach much urgency being that i have more than earned anything they are going to give me in terms of options and that the any options they do give you are diluted everytime the sell off more of the company right i've gotten most of what i wanted out of the relationship resume crap... experience (mis)managing etc etc ha i have switched my focus to learning studio mx "yeah, that's what i'm doing right now" brb k just got tix for phillies for brother and dad they stayed yeah enough walking i think they were a little ambitious in their planning right they are walking again tho in china town now south street later they're enjoying it? i think so i know they enjoyed NYC esp cause i was there to guide right i think yesterday they kinda had the learning experience are you going to the game with them? of the city.. just walking around LOL nah only found two tix i wish i was game is booked? yeah i mean may be able to find nose bleeds but these are much better tix right all right i'm off to lunch ttyl laters dan and osa broke up oh yeah? yeah ilene just told me who is eilene? dan's friend i can't believe you never met short girl Little Bean yeah bean sorry ha "um, that's news to me" i wonder if it's permanent working on my website nice using that menu you showed me? yup i'm jealous y ? i'd like to work on a website for myself haha ? i was just thinking or your menu ? and how its a good idea that i'd like to rip bastard buahahhaha check the copyright sue me "lord knows i won't copyright other people's shit, but i keep mine covered up" apple.. bastards ? listing the number of songs through itunes on the homepage i have a widget on my desktop with the count how often does it update? i can't tell like 10 minuts?' less than i think how much per hour have you been tracking how many they sell per hour? "90,000?" eh hard to tell i'd say it variesz and will pick up as it approaches 100M we should start some type of website in competition with SSI "i think we have a noncompete clause in the contract, as if that made a difference" yeah oh well we could make a website that didn't compete but was just better actually i'm going to do that anyway ha i wouldn't pick the same market i just haven't figured out what i want to do http://www.depthcore.com/ what languages do i need to know to be an apple developer? Objective C i think do you get paid as a developer? just if you sell your shit right? unless you work for the company yeah well i don't see that happening anytime soon i can't go back there either why7 not interrupted by grad school bad timing i want to get paid for doing something interesting i haven't figured that one out yet guide me mikee go to the islands for 8 months and do something completely mindless until it hits you probably just stay there might either way garbage i feel like there has to be something to start in colorado jiust because out west... things are less developed the types of things you want to do aren't location-centric do you have any interest in designing websites? what do you want to do? i'm more of a concept artist like pure art stuff for galleries but i think i'll pay the bills by writing software like what? for what? nothing that exists yet convergence art probably that's practical oh to create? yup tools like photoshop in concept how are you going to do that? with good looks and perserverence haha smartass not many penn sites are available in different languages TRUE sites that are.. in general... how do they get all the content translated? human intervention or babelfish can they just run it through babelfish? with dubious results yeah doesn't seem like a good idea unles you can come close a universal translator is never as good as a human a properly trained human which is not scalable what's up nada what's up with you takin care of business yeah? what you been up to? all kinds of neat shit deciding if i'm going to move deciding what my next job is deciding where to get my teeth cleaned deciding about my vacation making the bed you know usual shit yeah what is your next job? have a few options right now i'm working with my father might stay in jersey and pay off my penn bill but there are a few places in the city that want to interview me this week what are you doing with your dad? what types of places? stepping and fetching one is a fashion designer and the other is a gallery stepping and fetching? both for exec assis type positions gopher work ? go-for "nah, handing him tools and telling him where the closest home depot is" it's amazing money i never realized how much he makes an hour brb k yeah i bet he pulls in some cashola what does he do? remodels bathrooms ahh oh yeah tons of cash in that "yeah, esp for how easy it seems" well i'm sure he makes it look really easy ha and to some extent all of that stuff is pretty easy its just a pain sometimes and people don't know how or don't want to mess with it um i don't think i'd replace my own toilet if i didn't have to righ so... your shares should be in towards the end of this week or something like that oh yeah? ok just let me know i'm burning the dvd right now wered with all the instances of graphics? psd and everythign? it's a full copy of the backup that i made while jason was away "it is concievable taht you could have just saved everything in pdf format, right?" and have discarded the psd's yes but too late i hate those fockers they are trying to screw with me burciago "so, i'm done with them as well, i believe" you're an idiot if you let them right no... basically jason told me he will give me all my shares out of his own if they decide that they don't want to give me all i am owed why would they make that decision "because apparently when they were discussing shares, they couldn't justify mine" because they didn't know what i had done yet oh that's FUCKING AWESOME you know what jason does understand FUCK THEM burc seriously i just listed out in an email what i have done in the past year and most of it FOR FREE dude you do not need to justify yourself i didn't think so its ridiculous i've done so much for them if they don't see the difference you've made in their decision making ability then let them figure it out after you're gone i told jason i want a check every week that i work so... at the end of this week... i am getting a check good for you "beyond that,, i may do nothing" and what I do give them is going to be sparse in terms of past documents and such "he said they were like... well, we can see what mikee did,, we can see what gonzo did..." i said.... 1. they were paid for everything they did "2. most of what i did is hard to ""see" morons absolute morons the fucking shares aren't even worth anything you could show them before and afters off all of the stupid shit they wrote i know sameer purchased silver pens but won't make good on the shares?!?!?!? fucking idiots its ridiculous surprise surprise they really fucked up they have pissed off the wrong person i would never let them fuck me in the ass it was SO EASY to say NO and let me tell you something i'm going to post all of that office furniture on the newsgroup for free i rarely ever think about SSI "and when I do, it's a fucking relief that i don't have to deal with it anymore" ha burciago oh my god "what have you done for us??" that's nuts seriously they're are off the fucking planet it's funny i mean i'm sorry you have to listen to that but seriously get a little context and realize how mind blowing that statement is yeah i sat and bitched jason out his had was shaking hand i just want my shares i cleaned out all my stuff from that place last night "all the contracts, everything i had there" ha you see why i told you that i wasn't going to hand over the files? completely i cornered scott when i got to the office and HE was shaking and i got exactly what i wanted and haven't talked to them since i've dealt with so much bullshit anyway "so, any software you have that belongs to them" the keys the graphics i gave scott the keys excellent the software should be in that drawer the graphics are on this disc when i get my check and my shares which i should probably just burn fuck that cash the check ha oh i'll cash it just to see if it's good what are banks policies on checks written to cash? what you mean willis? they have to clear first don't they checks written to cash are like using an ATM machine it clears the account immediately interesting Ha ok tell me about it later right lunchtime what's the werd vacuuming the pool nice what's up with you? not much oh might go order my pb today sold my laptop oh yeah? to whom? some penn kid how much? "$975 with case, mouse and wireless card" ha double HA! good deal you gave it away already? yes it is gone formatted and done with time to move on yes my only thing is.. ? i hesitate to special order mine y because i don't want it to show up with dead pixels and be stuck with it you won't be stuck with it "if i choose one from in stock, i can look at it first" they replace the display even if there's only one dead? "yeah, esp if it's new" nice well then http://www.nytimes.com/2004/07/15/arts/television/15ALI.html?8hpib time to order funny ha do you have mx 2004 for mac? pat buchanan calling Weapons of Mass Destruction BLTs yeah.. that was choice i just downloaded it last night with flash pro? i dunno let's see and adobe creative suite... that should be at the office you didn't copy? i have a backup somewhere ahh i couldn't find it at the office i gave jeffrey a copy on DVD werd.... i'll have to get all this stuff rom you from k getty images... were those on disc? downloads ok i tried to keep all of the software in that drawer yeah i remmeber seeing the adobe too i don't knowwhere it went tho anyway what's the story with my options? i want to get paid. hah they should be here today or tomorrow mine are with yours so you can be sure they'll appear good deal i decided to move into the city anyway nice same place/people? everyone is leaving SSI yes its funny gonzo is getting out as soon as his official year is up i'm done as of tomorrow roxana doesn't want to stay either she's a complete fool if she does she knows better i talked to her about it her contract is for 50 shares or something stupid and she doesn't get paid oh my god yeah i'll talk to her again i guess eh i guess i wonder if she knows how stupid that is i mean why does she continue yeah find out... or i'll probably talk to her looks like not Pro i had a copy at one poitn but i have no idea where it went got it anyway "well, we can always get it at computer connection" i'm probably going to buy one yeah i met with a girl yesterday HA oh yeah? how much? i dunno probably cheap being as her and her friends are all out of work $10 for two hours? prob not any rate "she had a 15" so we had a good conversation about that right decent portfolio you have no idea how much it helped me to have worked with you on stuff to see what you do y? to talk to this girl? yeah i feel like i have at least half an understanding ha that's all i have i mean she graduated from uarts and i nearly felt like on the same page what's her site? good question no suck luck email address? qubit@neocyde.net there's a pdf of a flash thing she did i like it yeah it's pretty good if you notice the three lotus flowers represent sections then the shades of pink within each section then the vertical bullets subdivisions of that yeah it's clean page 7 nice girl maybe she'll be easier to work with because she's a girl who cares not I i do know that i enjoy interviewing people i care for her i'm comfortable with it eh bad karma to wish awful clients on other people TRUE funny tho "i ""accidentally"" sent the email i was supposed to send to jason,,, to her" HA HAHAHAAAAAAA what did it say i just forwarded it so she will have full vision of what changes he makes when he contacts her that was nice of you "which, i think is probably the best introduction" heh ;) "jason told me that after going through 1/3 of the list i emailed him in justification of my options, that scott and sameer were like...""I guess he has done a lot" "um, yeah" and he told me he knows they wouldn't be where they are without me whatever idiots listen even asking the question i know shows a complete lack of respect i couldn't believe it it's just low low behavior right about their level expected from politicians and criminals i take away a lot tho i hope so it takes supreme patience to work with children ha esp children with money yeah forwarding another email all right i've got to get ready for a dentist appt you and gzo dentist on the same day i'll catch up with you later righto good morning mornin what's the werd getting my act together to come into the city today what you up to nice workin at penn guess what i did last night what did you do last night "12"" on the way" no shit from the CCX? yeah heh after grilling them for a while grilling? questions stupid ones ha just to make me feel like everything is ok and covered you were just enjoying the hell out of yourself yeah scheduled to arrive when? 2 weeks +- 1 week built to order? nah stock combo 256 i'll buy the memory when it comes in fun $120 for 512 from CCX i'll make a disc for you over the weekend hot city "speaking of,,, what are you doing this weekend" i just started learning after effects last night nada maybe maria's family party on sunday what's going on? "yeah,, i'm on page 85 of 830" "of Flash MX 2004 Pro Unleashed" nothign going on suzanne is out for the weekend so ... ha i'm open for trouble double ha i've put myself on the injured list until september oh.. i buzzed my head yeah? yep i like it a lot i agree kept mine for three years loved it no hassle definitely great beeze shapely skull never have to think about it haha yeah intimidating esp with my dark eyebrows right i'm scared of myself HA ok i'm coming up to campus alright you can swing by my office if you like "actually,, do that" do you think i should bring this disk or what? bring it... "on the ""low" k "just in case something actually goes as planned, on time" riiiiiight yeah ditto i might call scott and just fork it over anyway hell no seeing as how the options are mostly worthless to me you must be tired "no, but i do need the check" right my student loan is late and my father doesn't get back until monday shouldn't have bought all those girls a round of drinks at mike's party DEFINITELY on the injured list "HA... werd.... well, if they don't have the shares... i'll spot you" eh we'll make them cough it up ok yeah... see you laters right swing by yup what's up not much digesting what's up with y ou looking at tons of crap for my pb what kind? http://www.radtech.us/Default.aspx thinking about getting http://www.radtech.us/Products/LaptopScreensavrz.aspx http://www.radtech.us/Products/Podsleevz.aspx how did everything go with Jason fine good yup i'm so fucking thrilled to be done with that ha yeah it's a good feeling i can't decide what type of case/sleeve to get on one end i want a hard case the other end... just a sleeve both? i guess i also guess i have to be realistic about the possibility of it being dropped/hit/etc if i try to carry it in hand in sleeve yes i mean maria's is in prettty rough shape and she puts it in a case all the time what the hell has she been doing to it? who knows but they do get dropped *kringe* ha i think that word works better with a k for some reason anyway... what are you up to today laying on this couch and doing nothing good work i have to go get my hair shaped up by miki ha then who knows after that what's wrong with the straight buzz just needs to be cleaned up around the edges basically ahh they have all kinds of useless toys on that site http://www.radtech.us/Products/Eyelighter.aspx "yeah, many of them are unnecessary" what's up YO! what's up? not much you haven't been on here in forever i got my child been working so i hear yeah its great figured out how to get all the songs off my ipod ha oh yes? changed the pod back to mac put some songs back on ordered my case shopping around for a bluetooth mouse i need software tho good deal and was wondering if you had i'm making a disc for you awesome anything you can think of that i would enjoy widgets whatever i love just looking at the thing its great did you get a copy of office with the machine? "no, i did not" ok wireless works great you're at Penn? slot loading cd drive is the shit yeah what are you up to? where you at? home been working my ass off going on vacation when you leavin? thursday morning gotcha how long 2 weeks damn that's nice yup start my new job when i get back maybe two new jobs that's awesome i got offers from both places i interviewed with excellent do they pay well? nope HA that's why going to try to work out both nailing down the details when i get back think i'm going to incorporate as a consultancy saves money on taxes sounds good yo what are you doing tomorrow? working what's up i've been working with flash will try to bring this having lots of fun before i leave if you can if not... just put it in the mail "Rm 140, Franklin Building" 3451 Walnut St. should be able to awesome "well, just let me know" i like flash i'm here on campus fulltime now i love it ha i know right? are you getting paid full time? wait... did i tell you I got a job doing a site for a sorority? "yeah, i am" nope which sigma kappa at Penn ? through the guy i work with lemme show you the layout k looks good very good in fact yeah... tweaking here and there... but yeah the flower is a nice touch i thought so ;) did you find flash for your pb already? no i did not haven't put much on there "i have it, but it is not the Pro version" i have the whole studio in fact nice i can work with that for now maybe buy it later or find it did that menu effect work for you? heh that's cute ha yeah it'll have the girls happy ha not too girly like spinning flowers or hearts or anything dancing gerbils "anyway, i have to run... do you know when you are coming in... or you can just call me or catch me on line" i'll call you when you get back we have to get together on some flash np i'm moving into the city right after i get back flash has really energized my motivation to work on teh web are you going to need help? nah not that much to move yet werd going to paint and shit first let me know thanks i appreciate it frank is coming NICE i might try to go up there aug 7th that weekend anyway.. have to runn.... call me laters he's coming this weekend to help maria move ok chief laters this weekend? "like, in 3 days?" yup nice i think so she'll know alright... talk to you shortly..... laters later what's up "packing, what's up with you" nada playin on the pb chillin with gzo "oh yeah, at your place?" at gzo's probably going to get a rash of shit from the girl "been over here playin with computers, shootin the shit, drinkin beer" sounds like a great time tell her to keep it to herself ha so have you started messing with ColdFusion yet ? not yet that's my next project i'm focusing on finishing this web project after that i am going to experiment with colfusion but gonzo and I are reading about setting up a business right now and have been discussing what to do in the future i finally talked to the guy from the gallery tonight going to start planning a project for them that's basically a web application starting to think about what would be best to use coldfusion isn't a database itself is it? it's just a method of accessing databases right basically you have flash.. which is the web side "then the database which, is, obviously the database side on the server, then you have coldfusion which connects the two" ok this is exaclty the sort of stuff gonzo and i have been talking about can you set up flash pro to store data itself? "by the way,,, ichat is the shit" ha this i know "no,, you have to use an intermediary language" now we really need cameras such as coldfusion "yeah, seriously" or webobjects i've got one actually and so does gonzo i have a camera at my apt too actually dunno how well it would work with the apple but anyway if it's firewire it will work fine this is the exact situation gzo and I were talking about he knows the back end i know the front end and overall project management etc "yeah, developing web services for small business is definitely an underserved market at this moment" will last for maybe 5 more years decent money the strictly funny thing about all of this is that I think I'm doing this on a project basis managing it myself though incorporate as a consultancy pay no taxes live in tahiti once you develop one framework you can carbon copy it for a specific market like real estate revenue wise trick is to do it cheaply i guess because that's where the market will shake itself out "eh, maybe not" at least not right now "if you do it well, i bet you can charge an ass load" ok going to go beat jak and daxter #2 fun game on the phone with suaznne heh alright talk more later laters what a crazy bitch "anyway," yeah ha i heard frank is back with his oh great hopefully he is luckier than I eh you should have heard me cussing when i found out loud profanity ok i'm off laters get to work slacker "i'm taking pictures of models, leave me alone" ahhh bastard mental pictures i'm sure "digital, but that's neither here nor there" what's up with you nada working on this damn pre-loader still yes? "or loader, as scott would insist" yeah... it's pissing me off are you at SEO? yes i've been sorting invoices for two days i'm almost done that sounds horrible these bills are a small catasrophe i'm going to end up going back to the first of the year and redoing it all damn they've been doing their purchase orders by hand good luck with that meh jesus H it finally worked ? ha what was the prob? the problem is that you can do this in any number of ways and i wanted to do it my way i have yet to completely grasp the best ways to work with flash "in terms of scenes, embedded movie clips, etc" but scenes was the final success route ah are you going to leave it the way it is? leave what the way it is? the code eh maybe i might play around a little more ha but i'm happy with the general state i didn't show you the mock up intros ? http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/IntroGrey.html http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/IntroBlack.html i like the grey i knew it don't like the rotate yeah i didn't know how to get it from the middle to the corner a slide looks worse IMO any ideas? flowers grow skip the rotate and just grow the flower from the corner? yeah http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/IntroductionBlack.html http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/IntroductionGrey.html i like the way it grows from the right the one in the center is odd shifts to the right that's odd after it comes to the foreground? or during its transition "also, do you notice any ""boxes"" around the images?" no boxes werd when it comes to the foreground it pushes the kappa farther than the sigma that's what your eyes tell you nevermind you're right the kappa is just wider "yay, our wireless reaches to the train station" dude i'm getting hit on my 50 year old women decent looking how much money would someone have to pay you for you to let them puke in your mouth "$15,000 " who's asking? amongst the office "my threshold was 10,000" what's the average? "well, the inital question was for 5 million" i was like... yes.... twice "i figured in a $5,000 asshole tax" "$5,000,000, no question" do they have aids? nop e how much would it take if they had aids "$30,000,000 and a stomach pump" if you were in a pool up to your neck in puke and someone threw a bag of diarrhea at your face... would you duck? "if you were in a pool of puke, you'd probably start to disintegrate" ok smartass from teh acid yeah but not that quick quick enough to get out lol see. the thing i don't get with flash is what the best methods are for changing pages for example cause you could make a page a movieclip... or a frame... or a scene personal preference does it not affect the size of the swf? i've read things that acknowledge that the difference is small nah same objects diff code i think yeah brb aight back not sure how large to make this page i have it at 550 pixels now afraid that if i go to 725 or so... the swf will get to large that's big enough suggestions? werd that's the default yeah even with my monitor on 1280X 1024 i see things fine flash is supposed to display the same on all browsers... correct? yes that's what still gets me.. julian said that when he viewed the grey animation "that there were ""boxes"" around the graphics as they moved" maybe the version of flash? maybe that's what i thought you saw the one with the menu rollovers.. right? y how's your day goin? it's very business like day i'll be on the phone with accounts receivables all day i already had to basically tell off paula quietly for suggesting that i'm responsible for not knowing why this mess exists haha are you getting compensated well for this crap? NO oh well the money is shit experience? resume yeah werd it's not particularly hard just pushing mountains of paper are you going to have time to look at flash stuff while you are on the phone? what's up with you yeah werd sure i'll send you a link to the menu i just finished in a bit k http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/menu.html what a pain in the ass that was the menu? yeah y ? just tedious i like the intro transition but not the exit yeah.. it should reverse out is that waht you were thinking? y yeah "well, when they pay me 3000 for the site... i'll do it then" ha i can do it.... just didn't want to too much thinking yeah i think i've started to cut my losses already i'm not going to get anxious about this shit right just a job man a yob i don't think the menu looks too too bad... just would be better if it reversed out the rollover is great "it was weird, i tried to assign onOver and onRollOut behaviors to each rollover movie clip,,, but it would get all screwed up... so i had to put a button over each movie clip" that's what i did for neocyde.net and then just used instances of the same movie clip.. right? basically you know what's good about this job? ? ok.. i'll guess.... the 50 yr old ladies that hit on you at the bus stop no ew haha the interns fool wait you have interns? many hot ones you would say yes i'm gonna have to come do lunch with you if you like we'll see what do you think about the sub menu font size..etc they're fashion design students jeebus yeah not exactly destitute i think its grainy http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/menu.html better? much maybe increase the kerning yea what a pain ha soon i will do this in actionscript or at least that's what i tell myself right what are you doing tonight? no plans yet gzo had mentioned maybe hangin out a liquor monter's place what you up to? bear is here not familiar he wanted to see g-zo and hopkins know of him don't know him but i'm down to hang out "yeah, i'm ditching asao" asap werd YO i could potentially ditch whenever yes? i just had this confrontation about vacation/sick days what about "the fact that she was like, ""one week is standard" and it took me a WEEK to get her to say it are you on salary? yes that's nice benefits? "and she said ""we don't take sick days" benefits MAYBE after 6mo - 1 year "wait.. so if you get sick, it cuts into your vacation?" i asked her that the real problem is that you can't nail her down on anything whatever and these are pretty simple questions she said " people just make up the day" because i said i'm not taking a day of my week's vacation if i'm sick and really i'm insisting on two weeks "because for 25K, i'm getting two fucking weeks of vacation, i don't care what fucking industry it is" she said after 3 months we'll talk about it i think she feels like that even talking about it is annoying or presumptive and i'm like listen dude she just doesn't want to give away the bank on the first day work with her for a while ease into it if she's still stubborn about it in a month then you have a problem you have a legitimate point she knows that but doesn't know how to handle the situation she's intimidated by the fact that you have a legitimate point.. you know it... and you are smart enough to out-negotiate her on it "i tried to tell her that me going to business school was going to work out for her in the long run, but she's definitely not used to dealing with it" you mean having gone to b-school? right right "she's smart enough to agree tho,,, right?" she really doesn't have any conception of how bad her books are in her own way she really work like i was trying to work with Jason "like ""everything will work itself out" "instead of ""lets do this methodically" eyah that doesn't work out so well ha in certain areas we worked it out i told her it has to be this way for a while because if i'm not superorganized it's not going to ever become automated exactly "sounds like a situation where things need to be ""laid out" like... listen here lady... you may not know this... but i'm the best thing to come your way in a long time and you're trying to shaft me over like i'm a regular idiot "which, obviously , i am not" but i know that you don't want to give everything away... I just want a reasonable situation for both of us blah blah blah EXACTLy that's what i said it has to be mutual or i'm going to get frustrated and we both don't want that right you'd leave "which, would set her back, yet again" kerning isn't showing up when i preview no idea could be a bug "if i were to make it reverse, do you think it should reverse while the new one comes out, or sequentially.. reverse, then come out" um quicker is better in most cases yeah for a menu same time i don't think the reversing out will work so well because what would i do with the sub menu while the new submenu comes out that can just go away and have the menu items moving at the same time y how far are you into actionscript in terms of controlling movieclips and such not very ? playing trying to get this shit to work out like i want there are so many tutorials out there but they are limited in scope they tell you how to do one specific thing "and, of course, i always want to do it my way" yeah slow goin but enough to feel like i'm getting somewhere DUDE! who has a copy of office XP i can steal? you gotta check this out ? http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/menutest.html go to sisterhood ha neat yeah so insignificatn nt but... still office xp? oh sorry gzo lemme call him tx what you doin after work getting wasted? he has wanna come over? what you need xp for? access over to your place? yeah i'll pick up bear office xp is gzo coming ? yes bbq? sure werd ok leaving here soon call me km gzo and I are going to be around 42nd and spruce when i said my place i meant suzanne's when you call we will arrange food and liqs k hi burc it's maria heya what's up I'm on mikee's pooter yeah mine's in the shop noticed :P that sux what you do to it? smartaass nada recalled white spots on the screen ahhhh and my backlight broke awhile ago so... damn I know she needed a check up it's so frickin HARD tho "but I figured better now than when I really need it, u know?" yea definitely so u busy? eh not too much why we got to get u those boxes when? yes tonight? wanna come over and I'll drive u home with them? u can have dinner with me and the edge tomorrow can we do tomorrow? sure! no problem excellent k it's a date tomorrow it is :) "then this weekend we movin, right?" right k Ima call Frank tonight his test is in a couple of days werd tell him i said hello and good luck but mebbe he'll come down do you have a lot to move oh yes u do stereo and shit nah don't pester him to come down ooooh i wanna do it my own pace Well wes then werd k wes and i not too too much stuff k kool i'm just gonna get jason's van Friday night was somethin lol yeah yeah it was sigh I went off and got drunker and I'm gonna do it again tonight! :P damn woman what you doing? going to Soma dancing drinking school starts again soon so I gotta move my ass.. hahaha did u rest on sat? yeah didn't do anything good burc ? I am so scared to work with wes ha whatever you already committed too late to be scared I know but things are getting serious I told him I can only work with him for a year "if not, it will ruin the relationship completely" if it doesn't self destruct before then right sigh oh well... time to saddle up buckaroo I dunno I'll be aight make sure you have your spurs on ;) I'm ready to get outta here in a year OH I GOT MAH SPURS ON LIL DOGGIE I sleep with em ha burc i think that if this works ... wes and I will move away together i dunno it's scary i respect wes more than any man i've ever date d that's good then why do you respect him so much? lol because he's a lot diff than I am he does things out of honest y not just for attention THAT's not true I mean its true but its not why sigh I respect wes because he doesn't let me fuck around he doesn't let me completely de-masculate him in front of people or anytime with the others it was so easy right because I am so aggressive but with wes it doesn't fly he wears the pants there you go... i like him yea? y? dunno just do good guy spanks tis important to me man i'm so excited new toy? i'm such a Flash idiot at this point... but i am learning good good c'n I see the website/ ? anything more done? i can show you what i have now not so much done... like you would be able to see... but hold on k http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/menutest.html click sisterhood then the submenu items then Activities and then this is sorta the intro http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/IntroductionGrey.html "IT""S GORGEOUS" makes me laugh tho because its so un-you but its VERY classy thanks :) great job i don't like sunshine u gotta do mine no? so don't blow it around here but if you really like it... thanks a bunch I DO no bullshit i still have a bit to do what the heLL? sure i just don't know how to take a compliment youknow that but the foundations are solid u gotta learn if you ever want them again on top of the fact that I am a little sensitive about how well i am doing with this stuff :P yes.. i know sure but you are doing great u should see my program website it sucks but i didn t do it this one should turn out relatively good for not knowing flash prior to this i'll help you with your website when does it need to be done? yea I appreciate that but there's only one program or something something stupid "lemme ask my director, and I'll find out" because it NEEDS SOME SERIOUS HELP werd lemme know k what do you think about the little place holders next to the sub menu items under Sisterhood ? very subtle I dunno yeah... can't decide hard for me to comment because its SO girly but very navigateable u know? makes logical sense see. what I might do is just make it a straight line that connects to a vertical line bordering the page to the right the flash work is smooth aaaah seemsayn? I was thinking about it metaphysically but physically it's very clean good for fundraising :) ? ;) old fat rich women will love yeah and give money back to their sisters blah blah blah :P "i mean,,, i couldn't really put tooo mcuh creativity in it" cause it has to be logical and intuitive right and all that shit for idiots and its not your own can't assume anything yeah right but i'm happier and happier with it it's an amazing first pieve piece I cant even IMAGINE how to begin its a pain in the ass... lemme tell you o? I do wanna learn esp when you feel locked into a certain way after you got like 1/50th done you're like.. shit.. now i'm moving forward with this concept... but wait...wait....WAIT>........ maybe i could have done it differently pays to have good design background or at least awareness wow i've been reading all kinds of print and digital media design shit i feel so gay artistic integrity is a bitch .. actually... i don't OH STOP that's not GAY burx i'm all about this shit lol BURX LOL burc I have to poop i kinda like burx haha werd mee too BURX MAN no wireless yet?? lol OH YES BUT mikee talks to me while pooping I can't i guess you don't care like that just kidding I don't wanna have a good one k Ima do some shit yeah I'll chit chatter with you later yepyyep TOMORROW oui? yes k si si si adios ciao besitos we still on for tonight? yup sure I have a two pm meeting ok but then afterward and that affects teh prices of noodles in thailand how? whachu wanna do? i dun care pick u up or u come here? either way... i can ride bike there and back or trolley there and ride with you back how many boxes u gots ? lots? um yeah about 10 at least but there the smaller ones sounds good yea? yeah i'll take what I can get alright so what are we doing? "if i can fit in the car with you and the boxes, i'll take the trolley to your house around 515 pm... which will get me there around 545 pm by my rough estimate. then we will proceed to hang out with mikee when he gets home, maybe have some dinner, possibly at geno's so I can get a t-shirt for my dad, then we will ride to my house to drop off me and the boxes" ITSA DEALO! see u then must go now wes needs pooter aight laters :-* I only have 41 minutes left on my phone until sept 6th. damn stop yakin this shit be craaaaaaaaaaazy will do hence me here :P HI how r ya? decent busy ok have a good day! :-* u2 just won't be responding as quick don't worry I gots shit to do to... tty soon how would you phrase that someone is a dj on a resume ? haha :p i mean as an interest? is that a question? yes yes serious so you are contemplating putting it under work experience or just an interest? "and additional to that, how to paraphrase?" a question from Imri not work experience activites activities gimme one second k I think I figured it out "Disc Jockey for Philadelphia area social events" i mean Disc Jockey is the title forgettaboutit right JOCK LOL i wasn't clear about what part you were asking to paraphrase forget it Entertainment Coordinator go back to work LOL that's a good one Freelance Disc Jockey i think that would be how you would list it under work experience Disc Jockey - Freelance ahhh ok Freelance I like well that is the employer technically unless he has is own business "which, would not be a bad idea" for his information no it wouldn't :P FYHI no FHI FHI SORRY JEEBUS ;) well i miss ye get me in this serious business resume mode and that's what yer gonna get i know i know the thing is he is more than a dj right he promotes the shit outta himself well that too but what he does at the table and the forum is more than dj o? technically disc jockey te-niklee just an asshole who swaps records oh see what i mean u mean the art of remixing EW yes MIkee's computer smells sweaty keep that k I think he jerks off on this jawn UGH prob imri really needs to incorporate "because he would have ""IMRI Entertainment - Owner/Operator" and then below that.. right well Reflective is Inc. "would list: Advertising Web design/Maintenance Promotion Marketing Event Coordinating DJing Booking" etc etc does he own reflective? does reflective own him yes the former OH SHIT I got an interview at 12pm I gotta hustle aight (still in Pajamas) ok later laters i caught your assss hi :) how ya doin ok lotsa shit how u doin? were you and wes serious about helping today? yes i'm doing fine u need help today? yeah... with a couple large things probably just need wes for the large things so if that unemployed slacker is around i can put him to good use he's making me french toast right now... work him out for you awww does he have an apron on? get him a lacey one ;) are u off today? :P i'm punchy cause i'm hungover i'm taking off around 230 going to help gonzo move a bed then picking up jason's van what time would u need help? around 330 4 because I wanted to go to the beach what's mr. westicles schedule oh for the day? yeah he said thanks for the compliment so is later better? Mr. Burrito compliment? westicle westicle hhahhahah BURC what time?!? it doesn't matter?!?!?!?! when are you coming back I dunno 4pm i mean... its kind of dependent when you guys are going to be back can we do tonight? 7 or 8? this is my first day off in a while so I wanted to do something "whenever,,," thats waht i said already you tell me but then you were insisting i tell you a time "which is not the way to go, since you are the ones offering services and with a limited schedule" SIGH 8 is fine 7 is finer I thought we were doing this tomorrow hang on ok tomorrow then jeebus maria no no I'm not made mad made lol Dan listen just trying to figure out you guys aren't going to want to move after having been at the beach if we move you today "ahhh... what could top off a day at the beach better tahn a nice move..." do we have stuff to do tomorrow? we Maria what? I have to move my stuff sometime between this moment and sunday night if you don't start making sense... therefore... my schedule is open ok "you, however, have the beach..." LET's DO IT BIOTCH "i don't know what you mean by ""do we have stuff to do tomorrow" I am going to fuck u up when I see you are you asking me if you have stuff to do tomorrow NO jee BUS I am asking you if we move you tonight yes then do we still have stuff to do tomorrow (stuff=moving you) "i need wess for a futon, bed, stereo, table" NO FUCKING PROBLEM HUHHHHHHH i'm saying that's it listen I ll meet you at your house tonight at seven OK? lol... i'd call you but your phone has not minutes..... i'm laughing right now maria I i'm not worked up about this at all i'd prefer you take an easy day I need a plan since it is your day off shut up I will meet you at seven pm tonight i don't think moving today is a good idea at your old house no Wes wants to do it tonight so he doesn't get swalls swalls? nevermind sweaty balls thansk :) no problem that's great if you guys want to move tonight we do dammit but seriously.. my schedule is very open ok i just wanted to make sure you guys have a nice day and moving isn't a nice thing to do at the end of a nice day thanks but don't worry about us we can make big people decisions o and wes and I are not going to work together you and me are going to wrestle tonight biatch k I gotta go get syrup yes do so brb I love you both especially with syrup on you awww yeah i love u 2 bring that syrup with you guys lets get messy shhloppy r u drunk? no r u sure? quite oooo daisy fuentes oh man i would give it to her so lovely ok so 2nite 7pm excellent kool thanks so much really you guys are the best no problem least we can do we go get drunk after "and to answer your question... I like wes because he's a down to earth, no bullshit type of guy with a great attitude and knows how to have fun and kick back and laugh" he said "you don't have to kiss my ass, mr. wonderful. i still get sweaty moving yo skank ass furniture. ;)" bite me bitches lol ok see if i come with any of those answers to your frilly questions again awwwwwwww maria appreciates i hope you get sand in your butt crack ;) wes said he wants hookers and blow um or pot and beer he's not moving the actual building just a few items in it jeebus yes... beer i have yes beeer any pot? like enought to take a couple GB's with (wouldn't fill a bottle cap) good enough but'll do save for Weston weston som' bitch wait yes is that his name Weston yes Weston i knew a weston once "like Weston,MA" his name was Weston Pew o word? LO L i think it fits wes more than the other guy pew........... like Pew Charities? buahha like stinky pew no like P-U not poo shut up wierd yeah i mean.. if my last name were pew i would not go by Mr. Poo me NIether it would be... Peeeeeeeeee-u NIGH ther lol PPPEEEEEEEEEEEEW pewah LOL pooey PESHE peesheeeeeeeeeeee LOL peeesheeee and chinese food.... who knew who fuckin knew mangooons?> was that the name? rangoons crab rangoons even better :P ur funny Wes Rangooooooooon LOL Weston J. Rangoong lol Rangoon lol name your kids rangoon all of them the rangoons rangoon gang rangoonowitz Rangooonowska rangoonola Rangoondapanana damn lol wait i met a japanese girl last night her name was Nana lol Ba- NANA? :P i bet she had a tight nana ew anyway i have a meeting talk to you laters k shut up then see u at seven Jeebus Christ love u xoxoxox oh man... i'm gonna beat your ass yep...... see you then Jeebus Christ Superstar MISSION CONTROL what's up mango how was the party yesterday? going to see grandmamam mama party was boring MARIA GOT zVERY DRUNK lol she's developing a problem she is she drank vodka straight from the bottle yep that's the point shut up it's maria fooooool :p that i started in high school ;) no but it was scary burc I got hammmmmmerd not embarrasingly so but pretty bad oh well you headed to jersey? but then I got depressed afterwards no mikee is to see his gma ah alrighty... well i'm off to get breakfast talk to you soon just wanted to say hello have fun xo :-* what's up nada workin on this site is your apt put together? hell no haven't been there since i moved the stuff in ha have to wait until i get suzanne's stuff in there on tuesday but she has to study now so i don't want to mess with it how much stuff does she have? not much at all like 5 boxes but it's more the time did they get everything else out of your old place? of her setting things up pretty much i spackled the walls today after julian gets his shit out today have to clean everything do you have to paint? no just spackling good deal yeah burning mp3 discs for my brother now what a pain in the ass ha should have got the dvd burner spoiled brat yeah yeah "it's only 650 mb!" 700 ass ;) i selected songs to burn i'm on the fifth disc little bastard better listen to them http://www.handtops.com/show/news/34 the oqo is going to be my next computer jeeeezusss ? the oqo i like it its like a fucking gameboy and yet nearly as powerfull as my powerbook www.oqo .com i'm there i want one i've been reading about it for months the best part is the design team came from apple and ibm yeah i see similarities "n 2000, Jory Bell co-founded OQO with Jonathan Betts-LaCroix. Prior to founding OQO, Jory worked in Apple Product Design, where he was one of the primary product designers of the G3 Powerbook line and co-conceived theTitanium Powerbook. Jory was previously at IBM's Almaden Research Center, developing new portable computing hardware for IBM's ThinkPad line. Jory also worked at MIT, developing moored oceanographic instruments for climate change research. Jory has patents pending for inventions in Powerbooks, iBooks and OQO computers. Jory received three simultaneous B.S. degrees from MIT in earth atmospheric and planetary studies (EAPS), visual design, and literature." "Jory received three simultaneous B.S. degrees from MIT in earth atmospheric and planetary studies (EAPS), visual design, and literature." he's an ass too how do you know? "i'm guessing, given three completely unrelated degrees" simultaneously yeah actually i've seen footage of him he's not really an ass did you watch the video? i've seen it http://nyc.indymedia.org/newswire/display/105740/index.php $? what? how much is it the oqo ? yeay $1800 - $2000 that is ridiculous too bad it runs xp what a piece of shit that is ha it would be useful for inventory through an access database but then again filemaker runs on palm i think anyway i'm going to return some movies i'll catch up with you later werd laters whattup nm watching MTV Music awards what's upw ith you eh gonna start to work on the website again when are you supposed to finish it? in aweek or so at this point i just have to arrange all the stuff i have created maybe tweak it a bit how's your ankle? it's all right i can walk on it but the muscles are still fucked up yeah you probably sprained it happened to me while playing squash i couldn't do much of an extreme anything for 3 weeks "yeah, no dancing" sux a littl ebit not much time for it anyway i don't know who half of these people are http://www.collegeatupenn.com/~sigkap/playing1.html i think i'm going to have to make it larger to fit the text because the text can't be much smaller than the menu items are currently if at all scrolling? we'll see.... i'm going to put some text in there now i don't think it would be too much of a problem to make it larger do you think it's better to keep it small? nah bigger is fine jeebus one of those olsen twins is looking a little chunky oh and they just introduced Jessica Simpson how perfect oh yes that girl oh man the ways i would give it to her olsen twins i would have to give the animosity lovin nice and rough simpson would get everything i had "wait... no, i have not thought about this before" ha she's pretty awful burc simpson ? yes what are you talking about? like how she's a charicature i bet she's a moaner maybe squeals that would be hot is there a way to have iChat blink or something when it's in the background and you receive a message? there's probably a plugin it bounces on the bottom and puts a little red thing yeah i found it sorry... asked before i looked are you going to be around tonight? probably ? i would like to borrow those discs oh they're in jersey ahh when are you going next? this weekend where's yours? um did it come with my computer? yes ok i'll check tonight to make sure in that case i wouldn't need yours it's gray right are you being unprofessional and using your own laptop at work? i negotiated the conditions under which i could bring it in did i tell you i made her cry? yes the laptop was step 2 by telling her how difficult you are which does not make sense to me i'm designing an ad for her in the second week of having this job no less and i'm still here go figure jason zamer can eat me haha "hey, are you working?" yeah why i need your assistance with getting more interns from where? for what? Penn maybe one or two business three or four design we get them from drexel too the company is for profit.. right? yes http://www.sfs.upenn.edu/seo/jrs_php4/jrscreateprofile.php4 thanks after you complete that... you'll login with the employer id and create jobs it should be straightforward let me know if you need anything what's the intramural mail system? you don't brb k nothing just pressing buttons what the hell that's pretty cool i didn't want to look like i was talking to myself where are you? i'm at the bookstore aight laters you rang? i was on campus for a minute going to see if you were there damn g yeah was meeting with the sorority girls buhahahaa what you up to? i need to sleep dammit how did the meeting go? well just a couple changes to what i had designed nothing big so i'm happy now to finish is it how long to finish? eh depends on how focused i want to get but a few hours should do i need to figure out how to get this monitor to my place then i need to get a fucking mouse because this trackpad shit is for the birds heh what monitor? "20"" crt" i got free from work no shit ass i want one umm i can see if there are more if you like i want to turn a monitor into a tv for my room tv card? formac studio "so, you gonna sleep, or what?" "yeah, maybe watch a movie or something" where did you all go last night? Pontiac Lorenzo's and then some shady ass dirty fuckin strip club we stayed there for like 40 min Pontiac? yeah Pontiac Grille on south street south and 3rd they have bands play up stairs ah any good? first band i saw was good like that scratchy voice yelling music but the shit was actually good the second band was a wanna be heavy metal thing pretty crappy i can't decide what i want to do .... all these ladies around campus gets me all worked up in what sense are you posing that question it wasn't a question you're asking yourself what you want to do yes "do""?" do what do who? i want to take this girl with the little skirt home but that's not acceptable or feasible you're living with your girlfriend chief yes "i know,,, and i wouldn't do it..." just those instincts anyway heh vent then get it out of your system probably because you were out last night yeah man... suzanne is gone for a week so i have all this time to myself its good... and bad feel like a cheesesteak? oi i had one yesterday for lunch for shizzle time to set up your apartment and to be honest i think i might have some boy come over in a minute haha "well, you know" good work house empty blah blah i basically passed out in a doorway last night nice very classy with some kid from san francisco no less started in on the scotch WAY too early ha jackass "alright, have fun... i'll be around..." ok burciago what are you doing for labor day? monday/ ? i dunno i want to be in the city philadelphia? or NY philly at some point i'm going to jersey some pool action? some rent action werd... i may just sit around and work on this shit... pl ok i'll catch up with you soon do you have a dvd burner? yes external? no gotcha http://www.microsoft.com/mac/downloads.aspx?pid=download&location=/mac/DOWNLOAD/MISC/RDC.xml&secid=80&ssid=9&flgnosysreq=True neat who knew "the internet my son, the internet" so how do i turn it on in windows? wait you need to connect to your mac from a windows machine? no from windows to mac no from mac to windows right.. oh oh oh right hold on a second.. lemme look you're running xp right/ ? yes control panel system remote tab Allow users to connect remotely to this computer you're going to crap your pants when you see how easy it is to connect using the mac i remmeber when i set it up on my dell.. it took forever all types of dumbass settings and what not when i did it on the mac... i just used the full computer name do you have to have a static ip> good question i dunno the answer probably? how did you find out the address of the computer you were logging into? it tells you the computer name right there on that remote tab should i be able to import .wav files using itunes and convert to aac? i think i may have to ditch this fucking job sure why ditch the people are a major pain in the ass and it's not very much money to put up with that right it logs me out i can't work on both at the same time? what do you mean? two users right numbnutz one machine two machines one user you can work from your mac using your mac and the windows through the mac but.. you may not use the windows machine through the windows machine if you are also using it through the RDC dammit why would you want to? three monitors? who knows because it keeps me from having to log in it doesn't make any sense it DOES make sense i like my mac ok.. i'm sure this is one of those crazy things you want to do for some crazy reason that doesn't make any sense to me but is completely sensible to you it keeps me from having to LOG IN in both places you log in on one machine "i don't understand why you would want to use two computers physically, simultaneously" if you can use the windows machine through the mac then you have control over two computers via one machine really i just want to sit here and watch the cursor move while i use my mac remote control oh no its a virtual login numbnutz i knew it was something silly fuck you i could have three monitors doesn't work like that taht wouldn't make any sense anyway you would have to connect external monitors to your mac remember/? this entire thing is about how you like using your mac so much all i'm saying is that it should be possible in fact i thought that was the whole idea no the idea so that you could log into another computer is and take it over to connect REMOTELY not while you're sitting next to the fucker and it's to connect to the machine.... not the monitor assmaster "yeah, but what happens when i want to fix someone else's computer while they're sitting there?" just as if you were without your computer you log in they log out that's how the game works the admin takes over the machine... fixes the bitch.... and returns it to the peon server user not server i still wish i could see the cursor move so you could show someone else how to fix it plug the monitor into your computer then remotely oh you can do taht with a separate piece of software VNC I have that capability but i can only watch the other person's machine as they use it due to fucking bullshit ass restrictions as if i'm going to break the machine or something "but yeah, i can spy on the guy i work with" although it is pretty apparent when you machine starts to lag "oh, and i was trying to import wma, not wav" so i think i'm outta luck in that department yes try real maybe heh i can control my itunes from where? mac uhhh yeah.. why wouldh't you be able to control your itunes from your mac? iTunes on Windows like the volume and shit with the rdc? yup no shit assmaster how do youo think i was making my laptop talk at ssi when i was here at seo go into the speech utility you can type something and have the computer say it so it's all ghost like i still think you should be able to have more than one user logged in at once you can not with this tho but you can't complain about this.. since it's free but I guess you can complain about anything "yeah, it's decent" Paula's right though using my Mac is a damned distraction because you make it so but yeah i need MS Office 2003 ? Really i just need a copy of access that's newer than 97 i'm in such a major mess today you can also post with career services... they are happy to post internships and such good idea "yeah... i think that gets more ""intern"" traffic" nice little game you forwarded me i like it surfing on a rocket i hate that song haha for exactly that line fucking french bastards can't speak the damned language TRUE universal traveler i mean doesn't even sound like universal when they say it i'm a pretty decent accountant when it comes right down to it lol stroking off at work? reconciling it's like smoking as long as everything is where you want it paula hymen's in new york today actually getting something done so you're on your own? me and the rest of the slave labor any hotties? "nah, we're between interns. the semester ended" interviewing new ones this week nice what u up to later? internet at my apartment!!!!!! it's like having a baby dsl? no cable no shit was it difficult to hook up? dude it took the guy a total of 15 minutes to do cable and internet neat i wonder if it's faster who knows it's $20 a month for 6 months that's a good dea l yeah i will test it out sometime soon "it seems pretty fast,, just checkin my email and such" i heard you all right i got to go man werd sounded like you had some stuff to deal with didn't sound fun either i'll be on all day ok see if you can get that camera to work i'll work on it laters http://www.maedastudio.com/ i like the line calendar i'm going to buy his book when i can afford it trains here laters you home already? yes i'm used to it taking you forever to get home from when you were livin in jersey ha down to an hour not bad does maria still need this dvd? no idea she's in the burbs werd "well, i'm sure she'll holla if she does" likely what's up not much looking at airfares what yoou up to ? "In january, our graphic designers were charging Paula $100 an hour" damn that's a hefty fee i wonder if i should say anything "$2,475 for a half a week's work" yeah those better be productive hours that's all i gots to say like Uber-efficient... none of this.. learn as i go shit "Create .jpg photos for website of all model shots (remove background, etc.) 63 model shots x 10 minutes each" "$1,050 " do you know how fucking easy that is? umm yes magic wand eraser done "Create custom flash opening intro, keep making changes per numerous requests, emails, phone calls from Paula" $800 jeebus "Smiling Screens owes me $182,000" haha "they own me $500,000" "+ $10,000,000 punitive damages" should we send them an invoice? sure why not good idea and you know what? i'm definitely better than these people that's nuts i'm going back to graphic design i'm telling you man i love messing with that shit and it pays if you can sell yourself well and have decent skills to back it up these people don't even do databases fucking nuts $100 an hour yeah the shit i'm doing for penn I'm worth $250 they are getting a fucking deal and a half i just really had no idea i'm going to make a go at it between the web stuff i know and the database stuff i know i think i'm going to try and do that stuff on the side until i have a good portfolio and also do some stuff for myself like a real-estate website with all kinds of database backend and pictures of the places... etc real estate is still one of those markets where they have yet to fully utilize the web i need a fucking down payment do you realize how much of a pain in the ass it is to find a home? if you can organize all the information about the places you are selling in one place intuitively it would get used a lot and you could just refer people to your site not have to show the bastards the homes until they know which they want open that up to full size error try again or send via email or just send the file i hate that fucking error yeah what the HELL IS THAT who knows i get it ALLT HE TIME i bet it woudl work fine if i were on my mac probably somethin busted onyour machine sent to gmail werd did you see it? i sent that to you assmaster oh ha brillinat other than the dogs notice how that site SUCKS ASS i guess they can't afford to pay $100 an hour seriously but if you made a prototype you could make minor mods to suit each agent/company i still like surfing on a rocket bite me you like it because it's in a damned commercial maybe i really don't care why i like it it's like one of ten songs that i unchecked from my playlist "so, does ichat automatically show what i'm listening to in iTunes?" out of 2288 no how does one set that up you have to have a particular widget oh ichatstatus widget this widget that on versiontracker.com sufing on a wocket haha they're asian they're french asshole i know asshole but asian people say wocket asshole ridiculous you'd think their producer would have said something in fact i heard an interview on npr and he said exactly the opposit e he said he LIKED the way they pronounced it rockeet i say it hurts my head oh well NPR liberal bastards kerry lovers yesterday it was too much i had to turn it off trying to figure out if i want to go to North Jersey this weekend y not i guess free food "but then again,,, i have to pay for train" man i love my place train is cheap ha it is so nice to have calbe and cable internet i want digital cable bad "if i stay here, you gotta come hang out later" was watching ali g over at tedi's last night going to be away this weekend myself ahh on demand is the hotness i dont' even know what tha tis and i have it use it "did you get hbo?" i don't know haha ass it's bliss all season at your fingertips better than dvd worth every penny when are you coming back? sun do i have to pay for ondemand? like each show? no it's part of the digi cable so if you get the channel you get the service i see i think i'll have to play with it oh yes it is so hot i love my apartment i have to set up the wireless tho did you get one? i think i'm going to hold out till xmas for my airport express suzanne bought a linksys a while agoe before her penncard went dead ha i want my penncard back i don't that shit just went to me it was like any other credit card free money if your parent's paid the bill... yeah penn paid it how did that work out? oh fin aid right where you goin this weekend i'm working with my father in jersey party Weezer - Burndt Jamb what about it good stuff what's the werd just got back from jersey what's up with you not much check it ? "those SSI fools got some fool to give them $1,000,000" neat someone they know? i know um through laurenti right some italian how much of the company did they give him? so... your shares are now worth $0.50 ha ;) who knows do you know when that John Kerry thing is today? 12 are you going? hell no i've heard enough of his bullshit ha penn is already a zoo it's nutz nutz how traffic cops etc etc i'm going to miss it they shut down chestnut from 38th to 33rd neat i would like to hear him speak tho i think his campaign is on the wrong message but nothing like a presidential candidate i had an interview yesterday up at penn yeah? yes for what? business admin at wharton what's the pay Grade 26y ok that's chinese to me does that mean 26K a year? no hold on http://www.hr.upenn.edu/compensation/Salary.asp that's pretty sweet not bad with benefits too? "many, many benefits" that's the best part really yeah plus the people i'll worth with biotechnology nice you gonna get it? i'll know within two weeks that's hot very i hope it works out so what are they going to do with a million dollars? who knows i wonder if they'll give gonzo a raise probably not i'm sure they will i hope so i'm going to get in the shower aight i painted my bathroom ha what color white no more dirt nice very you want to come out with us tonight? maybe i have to finish this website should be fun finish it on sunday possibly ok we'll call you laters lost my phone i'll be online seriously? yes were you sober when you lost it i have to go back to the restaurant to see if they have it hell no ok you have internet at your house? yes ok laters laters the IT jobs at penn have their own salary schedule and it's ridiculous TRUE they pay industry man... i really want to graduate so i can start making some real money how did it go with the sfs people regarding? my financial ai? d? y still in process what's up ah HA ? what are you up to? well sitting around you? supposed to be getting ready where are you guys going ? i still have not located my phone 21st and market come with us what the fuck is at 21st and market outdoor party at commerce square instrumental hiphop dj krush i'm pissed about my phone i would be too but enjoy not having it TRUE it's nice do you have roxana's number? yup isn't there some addressbook program on this bithc? 203-536-4745 ha yes found it see if she wants to come you call her and ask her if she knows where my phone is you mean to tell me the liquor monster ate your phone? no answer yes gawd damnit jamaican rum i have some cuervo come over and come with it's going to be fun you'll like this party i'm in timeout until i find my phone quit being a bitch yes i am a bitch ahhahaha i knew you were going to call me a bitch come ON come WITH phone or no phone who gives a shit it's a small botlle we won't get that fucked up you guys have fun.. another night i'll be out how was last night? i found my phone!!! DJ Shadow Live Lowlands 16 min in send me the file aight how this i have it in itues shit large file i don't know what my ip is i'll play it for you some other time k tell me if the type is too small on this the submenus are a little small what about the history text yes too small as well? yes sweet ok thanks np i finally found a fucking font that will accept kern settings ha yes? font kerning yeah bullshit all this is bullshit i've been aligning and placing and modifying for hours i can't lie tho... i do enjoy it "ok, i really can't deal right now. ask me about this later" haha ask you about what? this night ok laters later go to bed gotta get your rest for your big day of nothing ;) not yet I finally got past the menu what are you doing up? getting laid ha i caught the plague haha you caught some ass not funny i have scortched throat how far did you get in that game? i didn't play at all last night was workin on that website did you finish? well i finished the entire menu design/placement i finished everything except finalizing the text which is not my job ok and the picture viewer which i am working on now i'm off to CVS. i need drugs laters laters do you have a working email for roxanna? it's on penn's site taht's all i kno i got it thanks i just talked to the little liquor monster she's been looking for me after this past weekend ? what did you do? when i called her for your phone i invited her to go out and then dropped off the face werd aioght headed home i'd invite you over if it weren't raining i'm still in jersey on antibiotics ahhh haha will be back this weekend i think you caught ghonorreeaaaa haha jk that's what i get for sleeping with a girl wait you did? one girl plus two guys ha damn plus one bed equals snot eww that's crazy where were these people from? a little bit philly friends actually long story and there's footage oh boy so you'll have to wait oh boy! haha seriously though do i know these people ? i think i was sick before they came over no this is from last friday "aight... well,, i'll try and be patient" ha you do that talk to you later snot face laters Apple released the new Logic today logi-wha? Logic is the Final Cut of music production flash has to be the best thing to happen since condoms stop having sex with your powerbook and go pay attention to your girlfriend haha thanks for the advice but i'm finishing this website tonight the finally got me all the content so i'm putting it up later tonight or early tomorrow morning how is it going? pretty well i got the picture viewer working looks decent just have to link to the body text dynamically and apply css to those dynamic text pieces and i'm set what are dynamic text pieces? basically you pull the text from regular text files so they can change it neat right what's the good word? concubine nice what's up with y ou? eh lil groggy from? eh just didn't wake up early enough today ahh about to create some text files you're welcome to come live under imri he's up at the butt crack good policy my next stop is to CVS for earplugs today is a job hunting day i hate job hunting a lot can't imagine it being fun no word from penn? nope no love i'm on my way up to campus here in a few hours good deal stop by sure thing i also need to format my powerbook at some point did you find your os x disc? sounds like a hoot yeah good i thikn it's back at home now "i've got some here, i think" "but, just in case" righto flash is amazing even the drawing tools you like the drawing tools? i like the smooth and straighten options i can't get used to them and the option to click and drag a line to bend it i like the interface better than using the points in fireworks "yeah, i see that" "you can import stuff from illustrator, but i'm not sure it retains the vectors" me either do you use safari ? yeah most of the time what else? explorer when i need to "ie, when safari doesn't support what i'm doing" i've managed to mangle safari no idea how so it doesn't submit forms numbers turn into garbage that's weak a bit i find that it just doesn't cover all my needs and i hate the fact that explorer is even on my machine why not firefox? but it works when i need it to eh laziness so i guess the hate hasnt built up enough yet ha "ok, i'm going to get cleaned up" werd i'll see you soon talk to you laters haha i figured out how to make a password protected section of the site and the password is pulled from a text file http://www.aairpass.com/christmasbook/ so all they have to do is change one word in a text file not useful i'm headed over to sign some due diligence for jason zamer what? apparently he needs my signature on something ha so he can get his investment that's odd i think it was just a missed form he thought the first options would cover the second got it ok laters over and out what did you email me? an article from the sf gate didn't come through http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/c/a/2004/10/04/MNGM393GPK1.DTL kewl we're definitely going to kill ourselves more likely than not "The energy from colliding positrons and antielectrons ""is 10 billion times ... that of high explosive," awesome yeah i'll take a rain check on that demo day oh.. i got password functionality hooked up we could test it on the moon and fuck up all the tides with a dynamic text file that hold's the password. ha yeah... that'd be great... tidal waves that's not exactly secure? of course not they aren't housing information on antimatter bombs they just want to look cool "if I hid the directory the text file is in, it would be ok" i'm not even blacking out the password "Smith is looking to store positrons in a quasi-stable form called positronium. A positronium ""atom"" (as physicists dub it) consists of an electron and antielectron, orbiting each other. Normally these two particles would quickly collide and self-annihilate within a fraction of a second -- but by manipulating electrical and magnetic fields in their vicinity, Smith hopes to make positronium atoms last much longer." that sounds like a disaster waiting to happen yeah so you have to have a password to get into what section? lol "a section that says."" you've entered the password protected portion of this site" http://www.dansdata.com/kitten.htm "is there going to be anything there?" who knows i told them to get me something if they wanted but we'll see suzanne is going to love that webpage "Clearly, and despite competing opinions, a kitten is substantially preferable to a puppy. It's also, incidentally, obvious that a new video card is 1.5 times as desirable as a baby." shit "Clearly, and despite competing opinions, a kitten is substantially preferable to a puppy. It's also, incidentally, obvious that a new video card is 1.5 times as desirable as a baby." haha what was that site that suzanne pulled the recipe from? america's test kitchen shopping for a projector how do i get it so it shows what i'm listening to? iChatStatus werd neat ? i just installed and set it up ah do you see it? did you send me the full version or demo of transmit because i just deleted it and need it again... just wanted to check before i downloaded the trial version um i dunno prob the full version but i formatted my comp tday aight... no worries i'll use the demo piece k saw the cops used excessive force on a guy about an hour ago as in watched? yes first hand live for doing what? walking with a plastic item in his hand that resembled a sword and failing to stop good lord i mean i don't know what happened before they came into my view did they beat him? eh tackled and pepper sprayed ouch white or black? black obviously <sigh> at Penn? yep right next to the franklin building was he fucked up ? what do you mean he wasn't violent at all sober? didn't seem like he was having any problem s and they pepper sprayed him? oh yes jeebus right as the copper was wrapping him up from behind point blank was there anything going on campus today? not that i know of "man, that's just sad" yeeah hey get this... hallo "the sorority made out a check with a written amount of ""eleven thousand one hundred" dear god "but only the number amound of 1,100" all i would have had to do was add a 1 add a zero and you're set or a one ha yeah it would bounce i don't think so then do it it was written from their national account god GOD it would have been a while before they ever caught it nutz but i already told them did you laugh in their faces no i cried in the mirror HA damn honesty you're going to regret that later there are a few things i serious regret being honest about i'm banking on karma karma don't pay mah bills eventually it will or buy a fucking flat screen and in the grand scheme of things.... "10,000 stolen isn't worth it to me" eleventy hundred thousand is a diff story "well, i still get the 1,100" who wrote this check? their advisor i think two people signed off on it unbelievable i didn't even notice until i went to the bank did the bank say something? yeah "they would have cashed it for 11,100" "but it was ""too big a difference" *cashed* because banks go by the written amount :o believe me.... i had it worked out i was going to mail it to my bank in colorado which i don't get the statement mailed to me so i would have never known "that the check was 10,000 over" they would have a very hard time getting that money back yeah oh well its done already and i will get what iwas supposed to probably not even a $100 thanks for not screwing us over tip heh sour grapes *real* sour I want my ten thousand dollars!@ fur real anyway all i have to do is get 10 more web projects i think i may be able to do it overstock.com ever seen that before? they have the most idiotic commercial ? leads in like a tampon commercial or something like a commerical for Oxygen channel "big pink shiny oblong ""o""s" anyway have not been to the site stuff isn't that bad someone is going to sell barry bond's 700 ball on it damn http://www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi?PAGE=PROFRAME&PROD_ID=886200 that is hot it would be a great christmas present for jason zamer hahah why's that? he'd get a kick out of walking up behind people in the dark and braining them lol yeah i would too speaking of spy-ness i played splinter online last night how did it go? and got my ass *WHIPPED* at least someone let you play there were these two kids "right... and the one was like,, let's leave" the other one told him that he wanted to stay and help me out it was pretty cool lil bastards aren't all that bad but you lost? one of those moments when you think that maybe the world isn't going down the tubes all that fast of course it was pathetic they would come up and just slap me around then break my neck LOL is there a way to get better? yeah keep playing lol on the night vision goggles page look at the bottom "Customers who bought this item often buy..." homos with houses lol "nah, middle aged men who are bored out of their skulls" right when you run out of other toys you go paintballing in the dark ooo@ ! i wonder if they make glow int eh dark paintballs i was thinking the same thing now that could be fun those goggles are tough enough to take the beating too "that's what we'll spend out extra $10,000 on" people would pay money to do that Island of Dr. Moreau type shit buy like 20 of those night vision goggles glow in the dark paintballs headsets this is a good idea obviously people love playing that shit online i wonder how much you could get them to pay for a whole night? $100 come on more than that no? eh... you're probably right i think some people would pay mre a lot more that doesn't include the paintballs tho nah you'd get up to $500 by the end of the night if you had some really sick paramilitary gear you could make a lot more per person but less overall prob yeah "because at a certain point, they'll buy their own shit" yes "although, at that point, people who have that much money to throw around, they pay for the convenience of having someone else maintain it all" they could buy it from you and keep it at your place probably something you'd have to do a lot of developing events/missions/scenarios dude ? we should get into the high-end adventure business like play it all out fly them to a location in a helicopter etc that is a HUGE business in hawai'i billions of dollars yeah you get this spoiled bitches that have way too much money that'd be great you could hire ex seals to teach "or ""guide" it's very marketable esp during wartime exactly "hell, you could probably get the goverment to chip in" "learn how to defend you and your family" ha HA from the TERRORISTS "i mean,, it's totally glamorizing and advertising for them" that too of course they might frown on it if people use it as a training ground to become terrorists no sandniggers allowed jeebus only god fearing americans who voted Republican www.bowmansunion.com/reefcomp see? people get paid to do THAT hot i just submitted it on fark i don't like it when their legs don't touch each other HEY! i've been looking for that address FOREVER www.fark.com i could NOT remember what the name of that damned site was "i submitted it under the name ""Columbo Gupta" ha you need to get splinter cell it's available for $30 where? and a headset um the place i called last was on 15th and chestnut there's that place... 5th and south...... gallery...... "i get paid on friday. i bought my halloween costume while i was in jersey, so i'm broke again" werd "Britney wants to change her last name to ""Federline."" Apparently ""McUsedupskank"" was already taken" LOL she's an idiot maybe not i don't know oh no i wonder if it's better for her business wise you were right the first time like if she would get more attention and $ as a result "I'd love to have a baby already. But I've got to take care of some things first ... I want to become a mother. I'm crazy about children ... next year, when I'm 23 I'll be ready." idiot god we have to find another person to get in on splinter cell gonzo i think just the act of trying to get him to be that irresponsible would be fun lol i'll work on it $200 might be tough "jeffrey has a ps2, but i have no idea where he's living" can get one online for $100 ebay um... don't you have two at your house? wes took his ah when did you say you were going to get splinter? hard to say. maybe next week? werd just curious jules is gettin his tomorrow werd http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&category=35222&item=5721245981 http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&category=35222&item=5719568030 2nd one i like the white y werd done how is it diff from the one you have? http://www.shoes.com/product.asp?p=5005720%7EMENS%7EKANGA&sc=MENS&variant_id=37323 "not much at all,, i just need a new one" this one is all beat up ok cuz i like the one you have right "yeah, i just ordered the faceplate and a keypad" what color shoes green have you worn thedm b4 ? no no tax free shipping free return shipping ah i like acupuncture shoes http://www.shoe-shop.com/invt/sch350018?AID=10273903&PID=1431353 http://www.voodooshoes.com/detailview.asp?ID=1192 those i want you and maria still want to go to eastern state penitentiary? have we talked about going? i thought so maybe not you want to go? suzanne wants to go.... julian was just telling me about this price fixe dinner at a place across the street from the penitentiary apparenlty you get a ticket with your meal neat do you have to make reservations? not sure i have to see what the deal is with the girl first "then after deciding on that, then proceed" my dad invited us to go with him on the best hayride in south jersey next friday if that sounds like fun a hayride you say alcohol? he planned on it alright that sounds promising too i'll have to consult the mrs about all these new developments app. this dude cuts down his corn field and pays all the high school students to scare the shit out of you. they like swing from the trees makes $10M in five weeks wait 10 million dollars? yes he makes $5M all year growing corn and 10 from the halloween hayride and labyrinth crazy how much does it cost? you're coming to our party right? dad said he would pay for it i planned on it "well, that sounds silly" how much? do you know? $20 werd will you do me a favor? ? will you call steve harms and at least invite him to come? he probably won't but we haven't seen him in years http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/3820058/detail.html think i lost his number ok or it's under another name lemme keep lookin who else do we know from Penn that's still around? yeah colorado boys huh? oh the article junior high man getcha some that's right did you know that GM owns Saab? i did not nor did I "I can confirm they bought dildos with union money and shared them out." what's that about? unions in sweden or somethin werd home made clam chowder if you are interested how's the painting coming? what's the werd "painting, it never ends" what's up with you? FRIDAY!!!!!!!! LOL you got big plans ? ha no if i can swing it i'm going to get splinter cell today nice! you can always take out a burciago loan high interest ;) 6% hourly compounded sounds good also need Al to bring home some ethernet cable ahhh do you have to have some special version of a headset? where does it plug in? logitech usb ok "i have headsets, but none that are usb" hmmm we could get gonzo to make it usb what sort of fitting are they? regular jack i think i can't seem to find a converter might not work anyway splinter cell 26.99 at ebgames pre played is that in the mall? gallery and 5th and south i'd call before you go tho to make sure they have the preplayed game and headset i get 10% off all pre-played purchases too why is that? "cause i have the special ""I'm a loser vidiot card" lol it was worth it last time when i spent like $100 on preplayed stuff cause the 10% discount covered the cost of the card "well, when do you get done with work?" 5 well 445 that's about when i think the money will be in my account werd "well, my card is at home, so i'll have to stop there first" there are two stores in the gallery and one on south i cleaned the south street store out of their good preplayed headsets last week "EB Games #3441 Mall: 505 SOUTH STREET PHILADELPHIA PA, 19147 US 215-625-0795 Distance: 1.11 miles Show Map" 470,119541731.6,Other,"EB Games #1004 Mall: THE GALLERY AT MARKET EAST 901 MARKET ST PHILADELPHIA PA, 19107 US 215-413-0372 Distance: 0.19 miles Show Map" 470,119541735.8,Other,"EB Games #1019 Mall: THE GALLERY AT MARKET EAST 901 MARKET ST PHILADELPHIA PA, 19107 US 215-925-2575 Distance: 0.19 miles Show Map" "Game Champ (215) 405-0303 1509 Chestnut Str Philadelphia, PA 19102" maybe i'll walk down to the south st store later this afternoon and see what they've got "or just call them, they are pretty helpful" cool just know what you are asking for Splinter Cell: Pandora Tomorrow ok i need to design a logo for myself tough to do in general need a unifying concept well i want it to be simple clean very scalable in terms of making it small but recognizable gears maybe "bbq pork sandwich, compliments of Ms Gutman" you should come stock up what the deal is i'm laying out gradients in illustrator to see what i like better only thing is that there's the armoire to consider and it's in the spot where i want the thinnest lines over in the coner? yeah also fucks with the stencil i want to put around the top i like it though i want to make it work werd you guys goin out? i think so maria went upstairs werd that's for where? either the top or the bottom i mean either the top pattern or the bottom pattern for the lines starting in the corner next to my bed and going past the windows how do i open that file? it's an illustrator file "right, but i can't even get it from my chat window" it might not have come through maybe i don't have illustrator installed it's just showing up in my ichat like the image is in the window "right, flower with aics in the top left" "no, the actual pattern" hold on wait i got it or getting rather exactly which one tho bottom right that's what i think to top is too much or you could do a combo just push the bottom lines closer together all of them except the first i'm going to ask my mom about it tomorrow werd it really does fuck up the stencil tho and that's a big part right i'm going to paint a few more on with water and see how it looks werd games? why not i need to walk down to 5th and south its' nice out right now what are you up to? eh hanging out with the girls have you eaten? no what did yo have in mind take out i "i'm still in the mood for breakfast, but that might be hard to find" yeah how about i come over to your place and we can figure it out give it 30 min at least for that the girls are still here about to start getting ready so chaos is imminent lol do you want to meet me somewhere instead? sure... lemme see what grand master deadbeat is up to (julian) ha gotcha is g-zo busy as well? dunno gzo's plan i'll call him voicemail are you going to buy the game and the headset at south street? i think so it's easier you think they have more used splinter cell copies? i dont' like buying used shit anyway they had a copy on the shelf "it was empty, but i assume they have one in the back" right 29.99 at ebgames new no preplayed that's ok werd it's only five bucks cheaper for pre played right? yeah sumsing like that they thoonly have one copy i've got to be at 20th and south after 1 to pick up a power cord going to walk down to the store pick up the game get the cord get some food wait pick up the game get some food pick up the cord then come back here? werd.... when are you leaving? 5-10 min no frills aight you interested in any of that? not that soon i still need to shower and shit and i'm calling to see which places have more splinter cell games for julian ok i'll call you when i'm walking back up south street werd i'm probably going to eat raisin bran here k BACON fatty cooked the whole damned package whutwhut lol fatty mcfatty going to pick up the camera aight let me know when you are ready "ok, i'm back" are you online? let me know when you have your online shit setup turn your volume up yes must have it setup wrong i can see my volume bar moving when i talk is it not coming through? yeah where do i turn it on? got it yes i can hear you aight what was that? can you hear me you bitch? i took out my headset and i get nothing fuckers cause you is a bitch i think it's you yes bitch that's your problem we just proved that the input on my side is fine fuck you little bitch YOU it's problem with your computer yes it is because when you had your headset in you could hear me but when you took it out you can't so the problem is on your end fix your shit weak let me know when you are back hey punk what's up not much you? girls going out for breakfast getting ready to go to Maria's mom's graduation do youhave cheryl lynn got to be real? say what? the song oh no just made my first purchase on itunes really quick ha uh oh eyah i know just make sure you back that shit up right http://www.goosystems.com/cgi-bin/ic/goosystems/index ha "damn, g, that's a freaky pic" heh\ taken on friday did you get that? get what "i was just iming you about how i figured out this assmaster on upennforsale is trying to sell used ski equipment he bought on ebay," nope didn't get it what about it? "he got all huffy when i low balled him, saying that new pair were going for <300 on ebay" just funny i found HIS auction on ebay i found a 20 inch LCD for 900 new he paid 280 dude oh ha that's old news hell if i know you can get a 19 inch for 545 i thought it was low i mean it's another inch these aren't widescreen the 20 is or is not not right... i'm not even looking for one it just showed up on teh site got it yeah dell has 19s for 545 or so 20s for about 7 something if i remember correctly i'm debating on whether or not i'm going to reply to this jackass he's a phd at penn too what a shitbag i thought you had skis i do i have like 3 pair but new ones are always welcome are they new? last year's model my newest are like 4 years old at least so funny i found all his completed auctions and it's the same list as he's selling on newsgroups is he trying to sell them for a profit? yeah he paid 280 30 shipping... so 310 asking 400 "Hey, You just forgot to tell me that it has NO bindings (you must pay for them + mounting) and that there are still another 19hs!!! to go... I'd wait until it is closed...Then again, it is your call.Cheers, Pablo" "~$300 is the appropriate price for this ski (used, bindings mounted), but I get it, you need to make a profit on the ski's you bought off ebay. Makes much more sense now. I'd suggest changing your ebay username if you are planning to continue this business model. Then again, it is your call. -DB" you're never going to get those skis right at this point i really don't care they are too short for me anyway it would be just for shits n giggles that i woudl email him that response you haven't sent it? nah send it think so? sure "what an assmaster, right?" yes i shouldhave sent him the link to his own auction too oh well his ebay username was bpablo name is Pablo Berstein i guess he'll find some jackass penn student probably it's not a bad idea not at all but be smart about it ha and when someone calls you out on price... don't be a jackass Phd you caught him with his pants down he's going to be snippy yeah lol that's great that's almost worth more to me than the skis cause it didn't cost me anything what are you up to? just ready to leave work you? bored as all hell splinter? wanna come over? i'm in jersey got it i talked to jeffrey he's interested so is gzo if the price is right dig it i might be able to get two more i had forgotten about grant and erica who are both junkies speaking of which can you get your hand on party favors these days? think so depending on the colors i'm fielding questions about any and all "personally, i'm looking for the green white and brown varieties" naturally ha are there any others clear oh yes that TOO jeebus i haven't seen that in years serious me either but anyway never partied with clear it's a sellers market up to what quantity i've got names large i can front for up to five people maybe i'll check it out unless you just want to bring ppl to the party but thanks yeah nah... i'd like to take care of it in advance "that is, if..." me too aight... well i'll check it out leaving work now ok get out of this shit hole i'll catch you later laters what's up nada mang creating more projects than i know what to do with the red sox won yeah now we're going to have to put up with that shit for a year what shit is this> them bragging cause they finally won i hope they win the world series yeah should be fun youknow what? what i totally forgot that it wasn't the series hahha fool bite me what are you doing tomorrow? dunno why we're going on that haunted thing if you and suzanne are interested ahhhh nice who is we? "me, dad, emma, maria (probably)" oh... the hay ride right aight b... she's busy who is but what are the hours details and transportation suzanne going to talk to maria but i may be interested find out what her schedule is like hoping we could leave by like 5 or so maybe 6 although i dunno if it's better after darki? got me willis "after i talk to her, i'll give you a call" werd or catch me online k "http://www.thesun.co.uk/article/0,,2-2004490515,00.html" saw tthat did you see the picture? my oh my "about a month ago i had this really great idea that i though would be a very cool feature for email, and what do i find in Mail.app about 5 minutes ago?" my idea what was i t sending a message back as if it bounced ha that's great so you get removed from Spam lists pretty sweet very right click "choose ""Bounce" done fucking brilliant yeah "so if you get an email about a final, you can bounce it" and say you never got it booo yahhh heh do you know anything about web advertising ? such as like how to determine the potential profitability no whether or not it is worth it to go through a middle man etc etc not much you can also redirect email brb jeezus wahttup i just heard that imri posted this fucking party on the maneo message board which is like come 1 come all? every fucking ecstacy eating guido in the city ahh doesn't sound to intimate anymore what a jackass seriously this motherfucker told all of us that HE didn't want a bunch of random fucking people this year only people we knew and HE'S the one that's gone and told roughly 5000 people about it what a fuck i guess get there early and call seat check haha yeah right there are going to be so many people in that little house that's what it was like last year and the cops came four times time for me to find another party and they finally cleaned all the random people out at like 5 am "if you ditch on me, i'll kill you" hahaha bitch you're coming with me i might have to disappear i'm locking up my powerbook at your hourse that's for damned sure mass shit shows are no longer my cup o tea yo "THAT""S NOT WHAT IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE" dude.. you need to get a pad lock for your room fuck if i'd let all those jackasses in my room definitely still bring all you want over to my place but i'd get a lock so that nobody got in your room and.... that would reduce the amount of people that could fit in the entire place "which, at this point, is probably a good idea" ha i'm going to lock all of us in the room with a hooka and some booze lol eyah right people banging on the door i think it's time for me to design another site this time for SEO a good one this time i have all these projects that are going online in the next 6 months.. i need a better front end the endless cycle yeah i need to go to home depot shit on top o shit before it closes for what? tonight? paintbrush yes "that's right, you're in jersey" more fucking painting and guess what no stripes i'm painting over them fuck ha why "i don't like them the way they are, and at this point i've over time and over budget" should have just put up some strips of aluminum yeah. it looked better in my head fuck it all right i'm gonna call maria again and then i'm out i'll im you when i get back laters tomorrow's not going to work for the hay rid? yeah aight :( oh wel no biggie suzanne will be happy that shit didn't miss it "although we are fighting right now, so i guess i shouldn't care" apparently i don't listen did you get what you needed at home depot? yup sponge rolling brush and hooks nice imri told the ppl on maneo that it's invite only and that they have to contact him to find out where it is so... lol did you jump the gun or yell at him? i haven't been in his vicinity ahhh "weird. if you sneeze on your trackpad, it stops working" odd i'm bored as all hell splinter cell? you don't have do you? nah not here my eyes are tired anyways 9 hrs of looking at lcd's bob and barbara's is having a drag show poor me yeah i'd avoid the screen for a minute that guy with the skiis still cracks me up did i tell you about his response? you sent him the message? yeah oh.. you have to read his response "Dear Dan, For your reference, this ski is never sold below 350+ on ebay (and that's before, shipping). There is where I got the price from (and I was going to be flexible on that as well). Here I am sending you two (fresh) links, from eBay, for your reference (both before shipping): http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&rd=1&item=7107661707&ssPageName=STRK:MEWA:IT http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&category=21246&item=7108212803&rd=1 I was just offering our used skis to see if, eventually, we can change my wife's and my own gear. I do not know where you get your allegations of a business from, and you threatening me is nothing I would take lightly. I am not forcing you to buy from me, so I do not understand what's wrong with you. Good luck finding your skis, and take life a little easier, and do not go around falsely accusing people. Cheers, Pablo" did you send him a link to his auction? nah didn't see it necessaryy probably get all upset and come try and fight me or something "are you Threatening Me" lol yeah that was the best part if i were to respond to him it would be witha link to his auction and a link to the definition of threat but i think it's sufficient that i caught mr Phd you could expose him on pennforsale i could give him all kinds of shit about that too yeah yeah you gonzo and suzanne all say the same thing i'm not about to start a war with a PhD they have way too much self love their idea of what they are entitled to is way out of proportion whattup sleepy thanks for our card "hey, no problem moneky brains" we put it on the fridge i saw it at the store and couldn't resist painting over stripes what's up with you? making them gone? permanente dude... just line them with a pinstripe i like them a lot too late fuck i've got something else up my sleeve so what else you going to do/ reverse the glaze ideally i could have taken some reds and oranges and put them overtop of the green to make it look like trees but i don't have the time to make that right so i'm going to cover the brown and put the silver on the roof there's almost too much music on this list what to choose? hahaa "neat, right?" at this point i have a bunch of old stuff that i really like and i want to be able to play with it "but, i'm going to need new music to mix it with" "so, first step is to get some software to play with" then get some music from someone does al have his stuff electronic? yes well some enough for me to play he really liked my grids book "he's going to be doing the same stuff i'm doing, except he's going to take a class paid for by pen" those classes suck i took one for access werd "but at this point i'd at least like to see what the ""offiicial"" techniques are" find something to work with him on good idea ;) aight... you gonna be painting all day? prob until early afternoon aight sounds good hit me up for splinter if i don't see you before then i may come check out your progress you got it "bacon, bitch! bacon" how's it coming/ "walls and trim are done. windows, door, cieling to do" cooking something before i pass out what's up with you chillen "lookin at websites, playing splinter, browsing music, eating popcorn" sounds like what a saturday should be werd http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/story/_/id/6562575?&rnd=1098400348060&has-player=unknown left? http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/internet/10/22/san.francisco.reut/index.html what's up nada watching some show on cats discover? discovery channel? science channel what you up to? done painting for the day i think tom is coming over to edit video want to play splinter cell? i think something is fucked up with my connection that or my powerbook is corrupted ready? gimme a minut loading nw what is your name? neocyde how do i invite you? klein707 invited pick a different level laters whattup editing what's up with you not much editing what how was last night? video of random shit werd last night was fun what did you end up doing? just ten stone then came back here and hung out while suzanne hugged the toilet ouch yeah ok i'll catch you later http://www.powerbookmedic.com/xcart1/catalog/Top_Case_Trackpad_Assembly_12_Powerbook_G4__Brand_New-p-16378.html cheap i need a lid i'm sure they have i think it comes attached to the lcd dude they have the lids where doy ou see this maybe not for your monster they have for mine http://www.powerbookmedic.com/xcart1/catalog/Aluminum_G4_Display_Rear_Housing_12_NEW-p-16578.html :( it would be like the 8th hundred bucks i spent on something http://www.powerbookmedic.com/xcart1/catalog/Powerbook_G4_Aluminum_Bottom_Pan_12_Case_DVI__BRAND_NEW-p-16544.html damnit ha that's dented too? no that's all that's dentedd i thought it was all one piece sumumma bitch the bottom gets scratched up anyway yeah mine has no scratches just this damn dent anyway i'll live with it i wish i could make the same dent on th eother side so at least it would look symmetrical "kick it again, see what happens" haha i think i could have someone fix it whatever you need someone who's worked on a DeLorean ha that was stainless steel i have access to a metals shop at home in colorado you think you can fix it yourself? don't see why it should be too difficult it's right on the front on a flat surface good luck with that it's aluminum... shouldn't take too much to straighten anyway you need a little little hammer right they have all kinds in the shop and anvils whose shop is this the highschool my dad works at i hate this kid who? the 19 year old ah drop it then "yeah, now i've got to be a bitch about it" save face love would be so much easier without this infatuation bullshit i think i like him because he's such a complete asshole oh mikee don't be so typical ;) i'll get over it quickly i'm better at murdering this shit than Maria is good i think i'm done with painting beyond cleaning a few things up that's awesome i'll have to come see nothing like what i thought it would be ok i have to sleep whether i can or not 5:45 AM here we come aight... talk to you later yup laters http://www.wilenkin.com/transformers/Video_player_06_content.html ha ha send that shit to imri and al you do it i don't have their contact ino imri will prob love it info imri@reflective.net al's in the directory at penn or just post it to the forum where is that? reflective.net did you see the ashley simpson shit from SNL? i heard about it but that's it http://www.ifilm.com/ifilmdetail/2654002?ifilmp=99 what a fake little bitch i wonder i mean i know she's manufactured but i think she probably fucked up or maybe the computer thing was real but i don't know why ppl are that torn up over lyp synching eszp from her you don't know happen anyone that's looking for someone with my highly advanced and severely underrated skillset would you? haha i'm serious i'm about a week away from being desperate "come november, i'm fucked" i do not know sorry no worries it's worth asking on a related note i was talking with gzo about starting a business the other day having to do with websites & realestate "but of course, that makes you no money" as we all have experienced it's not the software that's the problem it's the marketing sameer couldn't market his way out of a paper bag right "well," at some point i am going to make a website and i know i'm going to need help if i'm going to turn that website into a viable money maker have you looked to see what's available already? yes it's already being done exactly what I had thought of on my own but that's just a start do you know any agencies? personall? yeah no jesus... 3 bedroom 725 where? colorado oh "garage, appliances, the whole lot" ha $525 a house? 3 bedroom house christ my mom's house is only $560 in TN i could be renting a house right now Three bedrooms huge yard ridiculous absolutely ridiculous i'm leaving this bitch asap somewhat there's also not a whole lot to do on a friday night what the hell do i do here? i'd rather have plenty of trails to ride my mtn bike have a huge place fuck it.. i could throw parties at my house charge admission stock it dj it yeah but when you're living in the stix there aren't a lot of ppl to show up eh "750,000 is not stix" there are plenty of people out there this is in boulder? colorado springs and really... i don't much care to hang out with any other yahoos but my friends eh i bet i would miss the city all your friends are on the east coast yeah well i'll move you all out west i'm game i don't think gzo is going anywhere i guess i have time to worry about this yeah a good bit man....... talk about an upgrade from katie to suzanne lucky bastard ha sometimes i just think about these things you were ready to dump her yeah yeah whatever ha i think i was just more scared of her being pissed at me you got to get over being scared of that workin on it anyway what's up with your boy? i hate him last night i blew it i think good werd werk jackass why did you do that? were you drunk? "are you busy this week? hmm i don't know 8:45 PM did you enjoy yourself the other night? what kind of a question is that? translation ""i wonder if i'm wasting my time"" hmm take no offense, it's just an open wondering i wouldn't say wasting your time...but i'm not going to jump into something with you quickly. ha ok i don't mean that in a bad way...i'm just taking my time you're not the only one on the other hand 8:50 PM the last time I gathered a level of interest in a boy beyond the obvious was over two years ago. you could chalk it up to circumstance, but at think at the very least its an interesting emotion to analyze only my friends get invited out after a first glance :) lol" no just frustrated having a conversation with him is like pulling teeth yeah too young games games suck all that hide and seek shit fun for the intial ass getting beyond that.... worthless completely i may be over it soon anyway he's dropping out of my head good you have more important things to worry about right? like how super fucked up i'm going to be on friday seriously though precisely i was all like "maybe i'll just take it easy" i'm not in a big mood to get bent and then i talk to this kid did you find your party favors? and all of a sudden "i want to be wasted" um closer no confirmation i want to buy them ahead of times i decided to get white and brown if possible green will be around and it's no good for socializing anyway agreed plus scotch lots and lots of scotch oh man you aren't going to remember that's no fun i found a kid with some adderrall time release but whatever it'll keep me lucid that's cool yeah.. just don't drink too much scotch oh i just might be the belle of the ball i still haven't found my costume idea it'll come to you at the last minute http://www.obi.de/de/etc/downcount/DownCount.php?file=/video/OBI_Hund_512k.wmv what kind of file is it? nm windows media player isn't opening oh well not missing much do you know how to get rid of the smell of paint? fart ass precisely seriously tho moving hot air around that's it seriously? like a heater? yeah de-humidifier are you worried about it for the party? yeah gzo has a de-humidifier i need to call him anyway i can't remember for what only that i need to call him oh yes do you have fans? i can get a fan blow as much air through the room as possible you know how to make a fake id? eh why my 19 year old non-boyfriend yeah but it takes resources that i no longer have such as? laminator photoprinter sheets of that pearlescent transparency film shit all of those are doable a photo of the child what kind of laminator tho? ha the child um any kind one that works don't they have to be super hard? the id's? yeah the laminate you can laminate the shit to a hard backing do you remember those connecticut id's we had? easiest when you can just doctor an existing id yes gzo made those how was that done? exactly how i'm telling you ok i inherited the shit from gzo you did? no shit yes i knew he gave it away eh sold it away but yeah ok so you'll help me do this? i don't think i'm qualified "if you tell me how, i can do it" what do you need to be qualified/ i have more theory than practice gzo has more practice than theory i'll see what he says about it yeah ask him then we can work on it that's cool just get some other assmaster's id that's like that's the easiest nah what is this for? those connecticut were tight "clubs, bars" in philly? the only place mine never worked was at Springfield yes please... just get someone else's saves all the work ok let me borrow yours ha fuckin fagmasters just turned off teh lights who did? i'm going home... ok the other people in the building talk to you in a bit k he said he would help hook it up there you go the dehumidifier is kind of a monster yeah it is i'd try just ventilating do you have the template still? no i don't think so anyway might be on the old old hd of mine which gzo has is that the only place to get it? what? the template ? y i have no idea where to find that shit ok wasn't there some kind of gold seal to it? it was just a square in the middle of that film stuff right ok i'm thinking of TN which can be replaced with wrapping film think gonna pass on bump ok but i'll let you know if i change my mind esp if dinner is over with by then ok there you go nah that's not going to work how long are you guys going to stay at bumpy bumpy not long i've got to work in the morning dammit i need to find someone who still has one http://www.driverslicenseguide.com/us.asp haha big boss just came down to say hello got to talking a bit..... and he basically said he would give me a glowing reference to a friend he has at CU no shit yeah that was pretty cool yup good to know exactly also... good to have face time with him "because in the end, he could pull financial aid strings" oh yeah? oh yes nice what u up to? hanging curtain rods thought you had to work today brb "ok, back" i just got home from work nice what are you doing this afternoon? running errands probably walking down south st i think i'm into it with maria into it? a fight bitches jk... what about? tedi that's like 3 dudes ago more than that tho that's really the issue for me daily bullshit did you have drink with roxanna? nope she bailed at the last minute wants to do it tonight but i'm not going to got it "ok, i'm going to start walking before i pass out" when are you going to south street now what are you going at 5 "what are you doing at 5, i mean" i'll be here what's up? nothing i am free to do whatever suzanne is busy cool i may take a nap and give you a call aight talk to you later have fun on south street laters hey focker i have a lead on a job for you and it isn't plumbing IM me what's up hey oi whattup g my head haah i'm working from hom ;) good idea i'm working from bed good night tho i had a lot of fun last night burc me too brb email address to forward this job lead to? qubit@neocyde.net back thanks for sending it i'm maybe the worst sales person on the face of the earth right i like the company said salary wasn't based on sales for that position dunno didn't really read it too much... just thought to send to youi i appreciate that a lot i'm going to send something to them good deal might have to hook up some splinter cell after maria leaves aight sounds good i got the combination lock instead of the key one i wonder if that was smart you mean like one that screws on the outside of door and door jamb? "oh, nah, the cord for my powerbook" oh got it i thought you were jjust going to bring it over here? everything but i'm going to tie it down to the post in my armoire so i have options with the music esp late late got it your costume makes suzanne sick ha literally? "how would he feel if one of his friends was raped..." "is he looking to offend people?" tell her it's halloween and it's supposed to be scary what scares adults? rape she says she's gonna go as Matthew Shepard neat lol i'm going to leave that one alone yeah she's all worked up now jeebus i expect some of this at the party "whenever somebody launches into it, i'm going to walk up to them and say ""Boo." yeah i dunno "what's more, nobody will ever forget what costume i had on" i guess i'd be afraid of someone getting reallly pissed cause 1 in 4 women has been i'm expecting it that's half the fun "much, much better than getting no reaction at all" it's the perfect idea aight i think i agree with suzanne on this one to tell you the truth i don't even think she's coming now you think you could possible talk me out of it? no not at all "well, maybe... but i think you're too stubborn to be talked out of anything" and it really isn't my place at least now i know it works yeah if that's what you're going for there will be all kinds of reactions tedi's friends all laughed right "it could be the worst idea in the history of bad ideas, but even that makes it worth doing" is she really not coming? prob not you too? who knows does she want to talk about it? i'm gonna say no she's upset with me at the moment not related to halloween.. i've just been bugging her and she needs to get work done "regarding the costume, i think it would probably make her uncomfortable regardless of any talking about it" i think it might help if she at least understood why i decided to do it i don't know if that's true "it's the fact that other people will see it and have their ""reactions"", and that it is inevitable that it trivializes the crime/victim" "you, as the wearer, cannot prevent that from happening" i disagree. i think it's cause for discussion of something serious at a party? i don't think it's an appropriate forum yeah it probably does trivialize it. i guess i'm not bothered by that the artistic statement behind it is powerful rape is trivialized by the evening news it's social commentary the evening news is not dressing up in a costume at a party they are reporting the events nah they're selling soap put this in context it's a halloween party it's not a costume ball at a costume ball it would be completely inappropriate but the point of halloween is to celebrate everything that's wrong with culture put it in this context if a girl is at your party and there is someone dressed as rape "and people are laughing at it, regardless of whether or not their laughter is rooted in discomfort, ignorance, immaturity" it will inevitably make that girl uncomfortable it's your party you can do whatever you want i'm not saying anything against that just don't expect everyone to think it's appropriate and do expect people to be repulsed by it not like ewww... that's gross repulsed... "more like, what kind of mind thinks that is even close to OK, how is it possible that all these people are standing here thinking that it's OK" the kind of person you're describing is both judgemental and insecure and that's not the type of person i cater to ok "i don't think anyone should be ""secure"" with the topic of rape" i do certainly that's ridiculous "no, it isn't" fear of the issue is what causes it to happen respect for those who have endured it and have to deal with it on a daily basis if i had been raped and i saw someone dressed as rape at a party i really want you to explain to me how you are going to come up to me and tell me everything is ok such a person has to face that fear and be able to deny it fear? to ever be ok yeah one should never be ok with rape the fear of the act happening again there are other issues i'm not trying to justify rape just mock it that's deifnitely not the point and even if it isn't YOUR point to mock it "yeah, put it in a box and make it abstract" the fact that there is an entire party of people around you accepting it does "and you're tellin me that as a hypothetical rape victim, i'm supposed to be ok with that" "yes. i'm telling you that if you are ever going to be a whole person, you have to" i'll be ok with people discriminating blacks and gays and all that too we'll all be ok with it and accept it and set the stage to resume those practicies LOL now that's a little bit far mind social acceptance that's where all those are rooted nobody is going to think it's ok to rape someone because i wore this halloween costume and i'm not saying they will making fun of blacks and gays is exactly what halloween is about victims halloween is about terror or being the instrument of violence or making victims it works on SO MANY LEVELS halloween is how children lose their fear of all the things that scare them. so why is that wrong for adults? "yes, if you isolate your angle... that works" "but there are other angles which, in my mind, make it innappropriate" and that's why it is YOUR party "dude, i KNOW it's inappropriate." but that's the point! i just think that telling someone to not take rape seriously is fucked up "and essentially, that is what you have to do in order to go to a party where someone is dressed up as rape" i don't think you're taking rape seriously enough if you're limited to that point of view i'm taking it dead serious i don't think many people are actually going to think about the issue when they see it it isn't a question of how you are going to view yourself sure it is it is a question of how others will exactly! right who will get it? i don't know but even if five people out of 150 people get it then the idea is a success because it's communicated on the deepest levels regardless of the 145 you offend definitely that's what art is or at least one very important aspect of it for example: http://www.wetterlinggallery.com/archive/nathalia/nathalia_main.htm "Most people who see Nathalia's pictures for the first time are impressed by how beautiful they are. It takes a few seconds before you start to wonder how they have been made. A photo-montage? Some kind of digital manipulation? When you look closer, there is something slightly distorted in the rabbit's expression. Something slightly abnormal about the face of the cat. Slowly you realise that the animal is dead, that the animal has died for the sake of the picture. Is this acceptable? One can, of course, choose to think that it is always wrong to kill animals in the name of art. That nothing can defend Nathalia Edenmont. But if you feel more doubtful, we would very much like to explain Nathalia's reasoning, and how we at Wetterling Gallery argue when we exhibit her art. Art arouses thoughts and poses questions that are necessary. Nathalia's beautiful pictures are frightening in the same way that many other beautiful things hide some sort of suffering. One can enjoy beautiful exteriors, or one can go beneath the surface and find things that perhaps you do not want to know about. If Nathalia's pictures had been repugnant, it would have been easy to reject them. But now they are so beautiful - and the insight into the reality behind them gives rise to thoughts about people's shallowness and double standards. Many of us eat meat, wear leather or use make-up that has been tested on animals, without this arousing especially strong reactions. But when a picture shows a dead rabbit, all hell breaks loose. Nathalia grew up in the former Soviet Union, and she has a razor sharp eye for paradoxes and gaps in our western morals. She is not the first to use dead animals in her works of art - that has been done at least since the 1700s, but she is a contemporary debater who provokes questions which nowadays everyone should ask themselves. Her pictures tell lies in front of our faces, but they are not alone in this - the lies exist all around us every day, without us questioning them. There is nothing illegal in Nathalia's art. She has killed the animals in as humane a way as possible. Has she been guilty of a moral crime? We do not think so. We think that art is of vital importance." "Most people who see Nathalia's pictures for the first time are impressed by how beautiful they are. It takes a few seconds before you start to wonder how they have been made. A photo-montage? Some kind of digital manipulation? When you look closer, there is something slightly distorted in the rabbit's expression. Something slightly abnormal about the face of the cat. Slowly you realise that the animal is dead, that the animal has died for the sake of the picture. Is this acceptable?" "One can, of course, choose to think that it is always wrong to kill animals in the name of art. That nothing can defend Nathalia Edenmont. But if you feel more doubtful, we would very much like to explain Nathalia's reasoning, and how we at Wetterling Gallery argue when we exhibit her art." "Art arouses thoughts and poses questions that are necessary. Nathalia's beautiful pictures are frightening in the same way that many other beautiful things hide some sort of suffering. One can enjoy beautiful exteriors, or one can go beneath the surface and find things that perhaps you do not want to know about. If Nathalia's pictures had been repugnant, it would have been easy to reject them. But now they are so beautiful - and the insight into the reality behind them gives rise to thoughts about people's shallowness and double standards. Many of us eat meat, wear leather or use make-up that has been tested on animals, without this arousing especially strong reactions. But when a picture shows a dead rabbit, all hell breaks loose." There is nothing illegal in Nathalia's art. She has killed the animals in as humane a way as possible. Has she been guilty of a moral crime? We do not think so. We think that art is of vital importance. reading on the webpage now i get it i don't expect people to be comfortable with it and I don't know why one would go to a party where they were uncomfortable doesn't sound like a good time the type of people who i want at my party are people who will be ok with it even if they think it's distasteful aight "if maria and al and imri get pissed off about it, i'll just go as a housewife" go as what you want "nah, the party is all of ours" even though i'd enjoy being a problem i'm not going out of my way to annoy them "i think if anyone won't be ok with it, it will be al" i'll ask him what he thinks it's still a brilliant costume "well, let me know if you change your costume" ha seriously i know i just think it's funny i probably would too if it didn't seriously affect me you can tell suzanne that i think hating on someone's creativity is pretty criminal i'll not she isn't hating on it anyway... just doesn't want to be at the party "i'll go as matthew shepard""?" haha mocking my creativity seems valid to me par "nah, her intention is different" "she was making a good point, in my opinion" i thought it was a great example to put it in another perspective same as if i went as a black slave or a KKK member i think all of those are valid halloween costumes aight i think trying to be moral about halloween is pretty ridiculous and that's fine that's fine too we're free to do all that LOL yeah nobody told you not to do whatever you want "nah, you just made it three times harder to pull off" i did nothing of the sort sure you did "to pull something like this off, you have to own the idea" and casting doubt all over it makes it harder to pull off "if anything, i made it easier" cause you justified it to probably the toughest critic already believe me... you own it LOL "yeah, i'm tempted to do it now out of spite" that's fine too really personally i just don't give a shit when it comes down to it i'd go either way and for my second act i'll be playing the party of Joey Ramone "do i think it's appropriate, not really,, but that's just my opinion, and it wouldn't stop me from going" i dont' even know who joey ramone is didn't know who matthew shepard was that's more the angle i'm going for tolerance joey ramone was the front man for the quintessential punk bank band "dude,,, i get the experiement part of it" i get the artistic expression "and if it were not for this conversation, i wouldn't have given it much thought at all" "but, when i started to think about it,,, I didn't agree with it" that's all i just cannot get past the fact that that very reaction is the most raw expression of exactly what a scary fucking halloween costume is all about. halloween started as a celebration of the dead almost right halloween is a celebration of demons all-saints day is the day that follows all-souls day another related day some dude is IMing me in italian why he wants a copy of I Robot in Divx i have no idea where he got my nic werd weird very esp since i don't speak a word see what he thinks of your costume ;) i posted a topic on the forum i really wanted it to be a total surprise dude you should have but now i've got to take a poll fuck that i haven't told anyone what it's going to be just that it's controversial "right,,, that doesn't accurately get the point accross tho" "whatever,,," bottom line... just let me know what you decide i think Al's gonna balk i wonder why " Of course, there is such a thing as an inappropriate costume.Plenty of things are sacred, until they are belittled by human neglegence.Halloween is not a day meant to celebrate everything that is wrong with our culture. Thanksgiving is more along those lines. imri is totally fine with it ok i'm doing it nobody seems to mind ok any idea where i can get monkey ears? the halloween store on columbus blvd maybe tonight it was a zoo i bet all i need is to go to the i goldberg and get some patches then i need monkey ears and tail also the philadelphia zoo they have a big monkey thing i think gotcha ah HA ? and so it begins http://www.thefeature.com/article?articleid=101184 that's cool I've been talking about this for at least five years. This is the first article where I've seen anybody do anything realistic. I wish I had been able to do it fuckers are going to make a whole hell of a lot of money yep what time are you opening shop tonight? people are coming over early for food prob 8 or 9 ish aight ha ha. we just hooked up the sound system good work this party is gonna be bagin bangin 2 floors one set of tables haha baggin your neighbors are going to hate you nah we went outside to check it nobody lives on either side of us that is hot see any monkey ears or tails today? i looked on south st no love damnit i kno i've seen them before tho buah hahaha how YOU feelin i have a low humming in my forhead what's up with you? nada at wu's place gzo's comin over dead to the world did ya have fun last night? hell yah you? moreso as the night went on i was running around a lot yeah there was a point when i finally settled for a minute that i really dug it yo. let me know if i should throw you or jules more cash for our powder cuz i kept asking ppl to join us ahhh i'll ask jules i don't think it's an issue tho have you been home yet? yeah oh yeah i got the inquisition last nighgt but not too bad i thought it was gonna be nuclear winter lol given all the phone calls nah she just wants me to be ok i understand it was she worried about the party? nah just that i was staying out so late she can't sleep if i'm not there how's gonzo feeling? haven't seen him yet he's tired i think he slept at the office what? he's been making a habit out of that yeah yo he could have stayed here.. eh ppl didn't leave my room until like 6 or 6 7 that's when i left wit julian ok then about an hour after that i guess i just layed down and closed my eyes and let them do whatever you should have sexed up some of those ladies ew which ones? the one with the red stripe across her eyes Kim? She's like my sister she's cute yeah she is anyway i was a good boy last night you were she was really cute anyway ha i was drinking sasha was cute ;) sasha looks better than ever yeah she was cuter when she took her costume off i thought so too i love girls LOL i really love girls anyway.. great party thanks no problem chief i'm glad you came i'm desperately bored now? i just got 3 new games which ones? ace combat 4 midnight club II hitman 2 Midnight Club? yeah racing multiplayer online too dig it yeah i'll show you so you can demo demo? yeah try them out what's up nothing you? just waking up what's new not a whole lot what's up with you? not much i think i've pissed julian off how? telling him that most kerry supporters i know fail to present educated views/opinions with substantial backing "he tried to tell me that because i'm not rich, bush would not help me... this was in response to my claim that we are better off economically with bush" honestly. politics is the last thing i want to hear about right now werd nuff said what are you up to today jobs there's a job i see that might be of interest the posted wage is not great but maybe you could get more money from him what's that? http://www.sfs.upenn.edu/seo/jrs_php4/searchjob3.php4?id=798 he actually came in to our office at one point and said that he has no budgetary restrictions I'm not qualified. Linux makes me cry. haha what u up to tonight? maybe going to see Ali G: the Movie with Tedi what's up with you? werd not much cleaning up my music chillin i have like 20 more gigs on my hd that needs looking at jeebus did you download from the site i showed you? some yeah nice are u at home? yeah gonna be there for a bit? yup i have to come bby and drop off maria's camera see you in 10 minn or less ok do you have any specific department you want to work at on campus? eh not really just easier to get into Wharton what's up? i think i know enough people where i could possibly do an inquiry/referral type thing yo "engineering would be easy... athletics, wharton management maybe, law school" that would be hot maria just bugged out on me sorry lol about a mouse hahaha sounds like fun app we have mice check it i'm going to be up on campus today i also got a call this morning from External Affairs but anything at this point maximum exposure right alright at the very least i'll keep my ears open and if i talk to someone i'll make sure to ask them if they have anything thanks burc really yep i just thought about it... cause i always have these people calling me for help ha "and most the time they are so grateful and i develop a bit of a relationship,," blah blah blah yo i think that may be the ONLY way to get a job and that's how things get done yeah exactly i'll drop by your office aight i'll save you a brownie thanks! yeah you'll be thanking me later alright these bitches are good heh they're clean right? yeah suzanne made last night after i told her i wanted brownies... NOW!!! LOL good stuff... anyway... see you laters laters fucking rain chased me off campus ha no brownie for you? :( "it was like, ""run for the nearest hole!" oh man how many nights have I been like that call it the 1:15 dash for the ass my crowd goes at 2:15 really..... what time do the places close? 3 gotcha did big momma get her camera? yup good yeah wanna go see the Incredibles? what is it? the new Pixar movie i'm going at 4:30 at the bridge about to buy tickets ahh no can do dinner with the little lady ok thanks tho np we have a fourth who's the fourth? I am away from my computer right now. where can i get a chicken parm delivered from? lol to 1308? yes there's a place on 11th between spruce and locust not bad even better would be toptomatopizzakitchen.com they are located at 11th and walnut perfect how was your weekend? decen t yours/ exceptional "Forbidden" :( http://www.toptomatopizza.com/ ahhh whhhaaattt? forbidden? toptomatopizzakitchen.com is there a way to have itunues lookup the album info for songs already in itunes without info? i've never seen it damn.... that chick parm is going to be the shit sort of encourages the whole illegal burning thing if my previous experiences there are any indication right... true don't deliveer this far down ahh man! fucked! you don't want to get off your arse eh? man it's cold awwww and i just walked from like the Ben Franklin Bridge sort of if you don't count the orange line but still it was like four block s lol and the crackheads are feisty and i've got a damned headache that's the exaggeration of the week BFB if you don't count the orange line awww someone need some chicken soup and a little boy? haha the Express train makes you get off at spruce ah That was basically my weekend Now i'm lookin for a damned bath and chicken parm in the bath gross heh aight time to go sort through menus henry wu is the fourth wu who? exactly wu.... he went to school with jules and gzo now at penn grad fourth what marine biology or some shit OH fourth splinter cell mango he's got it? yes no shizzle dig it yep aight... go find your parmzen I'll get on some of that I ain't got shit to do tomorrow we have to fix his router/ps2 issues really? hmmmm maybe work from home day i'm getting my hair cut das it lemme see what his schedule is like tomorrow but def after 5 ok food laters ttyl what's up did you see that shit about the girl who was beaten with a bat on sunday afternoon outside wholefoods? some overstressed medical student i didn't know what part of south street tho yeah i'm like five minutes away from heading down in that direction ridiculous there were witnesses ridiculous that nobody stepped in! what the fuck were they doing exactly that's bullshit! yeah she's dead! bunch of hippy ass fucking liberal pussies yeah pisses me off lets go beat some of them up and it's not even whatever they believe in.. it's just sad really fucking sad people like to talk all this crap about how we need to stand up fight for our rights blah blah blah but beyond putting up fucking political posters and standing in the middle of the streets getting honked at nothing anyway that simon robinson stuff is pretty good simon robinson? knife party Oh yeah i want to know how they did that after effects i think looks really good i'm serious about wanting to play around with that stuff in my free time whenever you want to mess around let me know cool i need someone to bounce ideas off of and vice versa dude we need to find out where to start maybe we should find some people like that guy and just contact them i'm going to watch it again ask them for resources ben langsfeld would probably know yeah that's right see... i'd like to hang out with those guys imri might know too but its sorta weird cause you know they don't want people just hanging around lol "if they are working, they don't want distractions" i don't even know what they're up to if they are not working they don't want to be working they've done some cool stuff i checked out some of their sites a while ago did one for nelly furtado aight i'm headed out werd laters Imri says it's flash makes sense it's in a flash directory i still think there are some After Effects put on yfeah that shit would be hard to do just in flash tedious anyway i wonder time for Splinter Cell 2 hrs for me ok on the bright side of work... i rearranged my desk today enough time to warm up bitch LOL put the box under the counter how good does that feel? and my pb is now the left flank of my 3 lcd setup like a shower after sex yeah man gonna get a switch LOL ok i'll catch up with you so i can just toggle my mouse and keyboard between the pc and mac laters good lord laters whatt.... UP getting sober what's up wit you same hahaha who was your partner in consumption? Andy yours? liquor monster what yall do? LT's for WAY too long no shit yeah she was havin a bad day and wanted to talk about her prospective beau heh haven't done LT's in a minute sounds like fun yeah rob was there and everything "yeah, last night was fun" are you on campus? yes sir why do you ask Splinter Cell ahhh yeah man... gotta round up these fools if i had an email i address for Wu i would email them a call to action i'm ain't goin nowhere Andy's got all my stuff at his house my head hurts LOL yeah is that your boy? andy yeah awww like a play doll nah lil andy n me maybe anybody else this one is different he's our age for one thing which is just WEIRD "oh, this is a different person" yeah mature? on the level what does he do? Runs a book fair and delivers for a bakery werd aight man.. i gotta get some grease in this belly ttyl laters http://www.t-shirts.com/printed/default.asp?sid=72320744321&cmd=detail&type=E&id=26656 what's up settling in for a long winter's night what's upw tih you? i think i'm gonna get a couple pair of dickies... gotta love the cheap not a bad idea from the ghetto mart? where dat at? eh the one i'm thinking is on chestnut maybe not on chestnut but off i was gonna go to the place across from the blue line entrance on 11th like yeah America Pants co or something see what colors they have "if they don't have what i want, i'll order,,, but at least try for size" $25... can't beat it not bad and cool colors too http://www.dickies.com/wc2/product.asp?cat=101&type=A&styd=874AF&pdscr=874%AE+PANTS+%2D+MORE+COLORS heh rock the orange oh man keep tempting me LOL that and engrish wed pim p light blue is pimp i could pull that off red tho mmmmm yeah we'll have to see i think airforce blue is a must this is just for clowning around? http://www.dickies.com/wc2/product.asp?cat=101&type=A&styd=2112272BK&pdscr=INDUSTRIAL+CELL+PHONE+PANT yeah man... just for loungin..... those i like betta "i mean,, i'm gonna wear them to work" not like that means anything so yeah... just work/class/chillin "yeah, i think i'll probably order a pair of the cell phone pant in charcoal, maybe black...." and get a few colors we need more colors for the EMT pants i'm lookin for a damned tool pocket yeah i definitely think i'm sold on dickies tho cheap as hell and i think i'll like the cut anyway... time to go find out.... heh i'll catch up with you laters laters oh my yes? going to be a late fucking night ???? LT's at midnight is being thrown around as the place to be for a few questionable individuals uhh what is the occasion? who are the individuals? how much drama can one broken hearted person bring to reflective.net? omg What well ignore the last question Justin Hopkins is getting married in a few hours right which means that nutty-ness will ensue "Ryan, Vic, Jeffrey, and Bear and god knows who else are all in town" sounds dirty to me yeah you are going to be in pain tomorrow the wedding is tonight? and you? eh hangin out over julian's not up to much tonight come have a drinks with me at midnight? nah before then have you eaten? nah just got here to julian's i wasn't really planning on moving for a while what's your schedule like did you have any specific place/time in mind? no schedule thkinking food in a few hours drinks ensue right... "alright... well, if i'm not on in a few hrs... call me.... for now i'm gonna hang out here" not too hungry yet but i'll let you know if that changes ok your pic looks like depp from scissor hands cracka-ass-cracka maria said that to me last night about something else haha maria has a drama situation on her hands if it has ANYTHING to do with Wes i do NOT want to hear about it zipppp "yeah, so, how bout them eagles cheerleaders" dude whatever it is ;) she is totally fucking responsible she spent close to an HOUR last night at the Pontiac Grille chatting up that faggot while Joey and Me and Andy watched fuck her and fuck that done and done "alright,,, back to beer drinking" drinks ensue yeah i think i might just get a head start time to find the liquor monstor oh god yeah see how she's doing haven't heard from her since tues night when she was going on about her boy troubles to me errrr shit i wasn't supposed to say anything anyway... i was giving her advice about her boy.... funny stuff... we'll see if it does any good who knows with that girl i had a great time with her tho yeah she's totally on my level when it comes to lots of things which is cool... like we were both agreeing on politics and stuff like that.... which is uncommon for me.. to agree with a woman on politics and etc anyway... i'll catch up with you in a bit ok laters whattup wake up bitch i'm up i'm up how are you doing>? nothing you? andy ah aight let me know if you are up to anything later going to see the Incredibels at 4 with jeffrey and gonzo you interested? where bridge nah... won't be back from shopping in time but later tonight if you guys are up to anything tedi says the Blue Horseshoe and Roosevelts alright.. i'll be in touch later i'll call you to see where you are good deal yo yo yo mango what are you up to today later good shit.... you guys playin still? yup close to done tho right gets tiring with 4 of us would be hilarious it's pretty sick dude with all of us at relatively the same skill level anyway... good times check out hitman 2 if you get a chance i haven't even played the other two so you'll have to let me know if you play them def will thanks for coming over i'm up in five hours catch you laters whattup nada home what's up wit you? not much you play video games ? just walked in the door prob going to you're on campus? yeah "http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,138621,00.html" i heaRD it on the radio oops people are way over reacting ?who is people trying to set themselves ablaze in front of the white house saying they're moving to canada etc dan George W. Bush is a motherfucker yeah most all politicians are this is different we're seriously fucked because of this administration and now we have another half decade of being fucked harder basic ethical and economic laws have been broken i can understand the frustration worse than Nixon and Teddy Roosevelt combined yeah setting yourself on fire is just stupid right and saying that you are moving to canada... is.... more info than needed..... why are you still here what economical laws did you have in mind that have been broken even a ninth grade economics student knows that you can't have both guns and butter ? guns and butter? guns and butter is the way high school teachers describe federal economics you can have guns or butter but not both it's more than anyone can afford to have both you mean war and balanced budget? war and social services and what social services are being affected here? http://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/gunsandbutter.asp basically everything "so by being at war, bush is breaking laws?" "or you are saying more general terms.... like... can't have both at once.... that being the ""law" it's theoretical mathematics got it call it a law if you want but it's a pretty stiff guideline not by being at war as much as being at war and overspending at home http://www.townhall.com/columnists/alanreynolds/ar20031218.shtml what are you up to tonight? dunno you? here want to come over? i have to come retrieve my ps2 at some point..... we'll see two nights of video games away from my home base might be too much ;) ha well i was sort of asking if you wanted to come PLAY video games? "no, fool, hopscotch" shit... i dunno maybe you wanted to play knitt me a sweater i should just leave work now that would give me a head start actually .... that's the ticket you wanna play now? sure alright lemme get my chit together k thanks for starting me on apples np y? was just thinking about how much i enjoy my PB :) it provides design inspiration satisfaction yup i figured out how to put different wallpapers on my screens at work so i have a wallpaper taht spans the two now very cool how did you do it/ video card software options it also gives me the option to have windows any level of transparency while dragging "a ""throw"" option where i can drag a window with the mouse and throw it across teh screen" all kinds of useless stuff heh where you at? home kitchen makin dinner yeah just did that havin a beer app Wes went to the hospital today for? anxiety? who knows imri asked me about it when he got home jeeebus yup www.thejohncleese.com yeah "and entire ""world" not sure how i feel about that idea were you showing me something specific nah just the concept http://www.we-make-money-not-art.com/archives/003748.php "thanks to the adaptation of the GB top, i have made a more efficient GB" using a tonic bottle and a vase are you using said GB currently? it's perfect about to just filled it up "which, takes far less time than the bucket" quite fillling the vase right bombs away see you on the flip side haha nerds what you up to tonight? Andy wants to take me to Shampoo for Goth night fun fun thank god i'm not you actually... i guess if i were you i'd still be excited cause of the new interest ;) ha it's not bad i've never been i get to dress up basically i'll be molesting him all night right i have few issues with the prospect dude... i'm happy for you thanks burc this is big deal yeah man i want him to meet you seriously was just thinking that it'll happen soon don't think he'd be offended? by? "no," i'm pretty abrasive sometimes i think i dunno NAH he's open minded like whoa good job our airport is questionable sometimes sux anyway... i just wanted you to know that i'm really happy for you thanks burc i really hope this works out i have a good feeling about it sure!!!.. and if not... then life is just that way not taht i'm pessimistic but you know... you have to be happy no matter what... somehow yeah i wasn't really desperate for anyone happy doing my own thing happier now though i bet haaa.. good lookin guy yeah great lookin i was like "fucker is at least as photogenic as i am" hhahhahahh definitely he's funny as hell too and grounded man... that's soo cool wow he goes to church! every Sunday! ha brb... have to deliver dinner to princess LOL ok but he's not all bible thumping. just found what he needed that's good don't want the crazy religious freaks nah he went to school with them for a LONG time and realized what it was about well adjusted fucking blows my mind that's so dope you'll have a blast tonight i'm sure you all excited lil girll ;) HA i'm getting in the bath have to do my makeup and straighten my hair :P poser it's a fucking gothic party. who the hell isn't posing? dracula in the back oh... riiiight make-up i thought you had to put on your concealer LOL jackass my skin is FLAWLESS oh RIIIGHT liar mostly flawless enough out of you off with his head ha "alright.. well, have an awesome night... and tell andy i said whatsup" you too i will enjoy latas "where o where could my andy be.... where o where could he beeee?" "" :P do you know what song Maria listens to by Lamb that has this lyric "So happy with you" ? softly? maybe i'm trying to look it up on the music store look for softly you get a gold star nice! but to tell you the truth... i always liked the red stars better ;) figures "predictable, i know" remember when we swapped music a while ago? some of those songs that you had purchased from itunes prompt me for a password i think we need to figure out another way of transferring iTunes songs you have to burn all of the protected AAC songs and reimport them gotcha thought so "as aac,, or mp3" or does it matter? are you making andy a mix tape? yes either "lol... the cheeziness reminds me of a post by maria I came across today.... where she had started a thread about what would you be doing now.... joey said sleeping and then she posted "" I wish a certain someone was in my bed with me.... " i harassed her a litttle for that this morning what cheeziness? the mix tape cheeziness hey err. just cuz you hate your gf i mean true wuv don't be commenting on mine lol i'm just giving you shit and i love my girlfriend that's why i bitch about her so much ;) cuz you smell like butter? yes that's it... precisely i actually paid for her to get a massage today she now smells like minty massage oil and yet she's ready to stab you with a pencil lol no... i was totally kidding i just want to give her space... cause i know it's harder for her to concentrate when i'm here i'm just giving you shit cause you know how overwhelmingly sexy i am since you dish it out so well oh yeah i forgot about the BULLshit sniff sniff brb back i think i got it got? the mix good work maestro yo whattup nada headed to jersey what's up with you reading about setting up my own website basically review before I guy the domain and start to build a server where is your site set up? dreamhost.com how much do you pay per month>? $10? nicee yeah... $9.95 i dunno why i was thinking of getting my own server what a pain in thass yeah kind of a hassle plus they do insurance ok i'm out laters laters what is up my friend the Motorola RAZR is what i want what does it tdo i thikn i saw a commercial on it phone right but isn't it like super cool or something? one sec http://www.motorola.com/mdirect/hellomoto/experience/v3/flash/features.shtml it's either that too damn expensive or this http://www.tmobile.com/products/overview.asp?phoneid=228503&class=pda what's up with you ? eh trying to figure out how i'm going to make this flash site for yourself? that too... but at the moment.. for SEO the concept is based around two sections on the screen at all times ok .. which can slide to the left when more screens are needed i'll have to explain in person it's pretty basic i get you have you seen the run through on the Gulfstream site? tell me if you can get cingular.com to come up alright cincular is taking a while yeah it's not coming through here at&t wireless works not here either attwireless.com works here don't have my damned phone gulfstream site is good they have a different setup for the tutorial but same basic layout little more integrated with the menu same basic layout as what? as gulfstream.com attwireless same as gulf? LOL no fool well damit you aren't making sense making perfect sense talking about two different things 1) my fucking phone which cingular's website is sucking the fat one and attwireless works but doens't have the phone and 2) the layout of your flash site of which the gulfstream tutorial the macromedia does would be a good thing to look at it's on how to make a site using forms or something i couldn't find the macromedia tutorial do you happen to have it bookmarked? i think it might be bookmarked in the help utility as an online course http://www.macromedia.com/macromedia/events/online/ondemand/index.html "Launch On Demand" under Flash MX Professional 2004 "Developing with Screens" nice thanks what is your plan for turkey day jersey then back in teh city what's up with you? eh think i'm gonna sit in my ass here didn't feel like going up to Jersey not going with suzanne? one sec k you want to come to my house? tomorrow? i just asked my gmom nah man sure? i'm gonna chill with gzo ok positive... thanks a bunch for inviting no problem i really appreciate it.... you'll have to thank your gmom about it too you're always welcome i will i'm gonna go get some food after work today wine and just sit on my ass tomorrow it's gonna be great i'm excited about this one no dressing up heh no dealing with family mine or others fattiness complete fattyness heh i just got some KFC done for the damned da y haha going to Transit tonight with Andy and Maria nice sounds like fun you want to come with? "josh wink, pete moss" imri many others open till 8 jeeezus and i can put us on the list "yeah, i saw that on reflective" you been lurking around there? yeah nothing that interesting to involve myself in tho it's pretty pathetic well... "yeah, i don't post much anymore either" in my opinion it is not that entertaining... let's put it that way so i don't hurt anyones feelings but......... "the , i had a moment while eating my sandwich... what is your favorite _______" shit is getting old LOL dude i've been reading this thing for 6 years oh man old doesn't quite cut it i would have gone postal on the forums by now it happens sometimes i've been reading for <6 weeks and i'm about to let loose on people at some points you know what it is? what's that? "it's a fucking supplement to a news cycle that doesn't update fast enough. ALL of it is bullshit, but it's a way to keep my mind occupied with basically nothing." what they say is unimportant only that it changes pretty often and you can come back like an addiction i just wish that it could be more entertaining "you are correct, it is a time killer" someitmes it is but i feel stupid when i'm killing time reading such bullshit have you read any of the other forums? nah i need to some of them are pretty good upgrade to an intellectual forum yeah there's actually some really smart people talking about things they love instead of people arguing about who is qualified or not to give psychological analysis based on a 101 psych course jeee ---- bus heh pooo this poo that poo is funny.. he he he LOL i'm a liberal and i'm going to move to canada......... blah blah blah there's like two ppl on here who aren't its like... sometimes i'll see a glimmer of what could actually be entertaining or useful.. like joey posting about septa and they catch HELL you should post oh man.... what a waste of time eh it's fun "start an ""Affirmative Action"" thread" sure! stir shit up! that's what it's there for yeah i get off work in 1.5 hrs can't wait "The popularity of the iPod could be boosting Macs' popularity as well. News.com reports that 6 percent of iPod users have made the switch from PCs to Macs. An additional 7 percent said they are planning to dump their old PC for an Apple machine, according to the survey." when you headed to jersey? tommorrow morning i'm thiking about going down to EB games for? can't resist did you play that game? a look around Ace Combat? yeah not yet been too busy fucking look on ebgames.com first oh boy dude strollin with ease? yesterday we got a whole chicken from Whole Foods and ate it on my bed basically off each other heh lol lol that is disgusting no the disgusting part was when i dipped his balls in pudding and sucked it off but i'm glad you found someone to eat chicken off of LOL ok lol i'll stop are his balls shaved? nope damn yeah that is disgusting see there? that'd be a requirement i fucking dare one of my grab ass roommates to go eat my leftovers again lol oh man that's great "Warning:Used in the Act of Sex" lol YES w/e i keep buying shit and it keeps dissapearing before i ever get to touch it hence the KFC now please excuse me while i go ralf great approach http://www.knomobags.com/ "The Knomo bags are not only elegant and stylish, they do in fact offer something more. Each bag includes a tracking-tag system, the Knomo Tracker, which makes it possible to track your bag online in case it gets lost or worse, stolen. Each bag has a unique owner code and by registering it online you will be able to track your bag and its contents at www.knomobags.com." that is HOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 aye do you text message? with my cell? not much you know the T9 system? i text message people from my AIM account um predictive text? yeah i'm familiar yes why? but you don't use it>? nah k i don't text from my phone really cause it's a pain in the ass if i had a keyboard yeah i woudl do it more T9 makes it a lot easier but some words like wear and year it screws them up and then you have to get out of it use the same buttons but i think there's got to be a way or i don't know how to to it right to scroll between words yeah there you go i think this tracking idea is great they should have little bandages or something that you could put on whatever you want heh like people? they do actually i was looking it up the other day not bandages yet but little tracking devices wait the knomo doesn't have any tracker built in it just has a code that's lame i call bullshit a code> ? http://www.teletype.com/Merchant2/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Product_Code=1450&Category_Code=14000 http://www.teletype.com/Merchant2/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Product_Code=1442&Category_Code=14000 i have a question were kids shooting each other when we were in high school? sure are you sure? yeah but it was gang shit http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/11/24/school.stabbing.ap/index.html what about when we were in elementary school probably not so it's pretty recent? yeah i dunno i wonder can't remember a guy i work with has a best friend who just came out ok.. i feel bad for him... sounds like he's in a shitty place y sorry... i was just talking to the guy i work with about it shitty how like he's scared of? people not accepting him ah "apparently he could take it anymore, after trying to force himself to be heterosexual for years" and broke down crying on a train it goes away pretty quickly that's good the hard part is your family yeah can't even begin to imagine lots of pressure one must put on oneself it's extremely frustrating for most ppl and then if your family doesn't accept it yeah anyway i was sorta talking to the guy i work with where is he from? just telling him that he has to be there for his friend i'm not sure yeah don't know much about this kid at all... just that he's a friend of my co-worker really what needs to happen is this kid needs to decide that he doesn't care what other ppl think exactly that's what i told ryuji OH MAN "http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/nation/la-na-hunt24nov24,0,1227137.story?coll=la-home-headlines" yeha heard about that yesterday crazy huh? yeah sounds like there's going to be a lynching yeah this guy can say goodbye to fresh lomein it wouldn't surprise me if they actually tried to shoot him yeah even if they did tho yeah he's screwed he's nuts w/e fucker might get off tgho i can't see how armed men running around in ATVs looking for his ass? ok i think he's prob guilty but i also think he's telling the truth he probably did shoot those guys in the back and then went back for more but damn you think they wouldn't have killed him? yeah they totally would have you're probably right if he gets a good lawyer definitely no injection ha "yeah, he's getting it prison stylez with a shank and a spoon up the anus" yow.... maybe he'll get to eat a whole chicken off another inmate? ;) something tells me he won't be the one who's eating you know what's totally awesome about the whole thing? it was this little dude from Laos against like 10 hunters on ATVs on their own land and he fucking HOUSED them ? yeah "well," he was a decorated marksman oh and i guess these other dudes who had been hunting all their lives were just poor shots TRUE http://fuggingitup.blogspot.com/2004/11/wonderfug-your-newest-superhero.html i'm starting to realize how fundamentally upset I am with Maria lol about how she's been acting towards just about everyone for the past 8 months i'm really worn out with her and i'm screaming at her all the time in my head which is a bad sign it's not even my drama but now it is yep because i really don't like who she is well to be honest i felt sorta the same way the other day when maria julian and I went to target like... i sort of felt bad because i was using her car... but i sorta feel the same yelling at her in my head thing... yeah and then the other day i went over to your house and was talking to her about suzanne which was good for me i needed to talk to someone and it was good of maria to do that for me but again... sorta felt guilty cause i'm yelling at her in my head hba don't feel guilty about it she is definitely a partner in that feeling that same day that you came over i went upstairs to see how she was doing and we were talking in the bathroom and i picked up her brush "and she said, ""Mikee, please just don't touch anything i'm using" what? total bitch is she going to get cooties? whatever i don't think she's happy with herself or maybe that's some lame ass put it off on her shit i dunno my problem is that i'm starting to not care at all yeah see for the past few months or so brb k ok back phone i've really had this feeling of dissappointment ? i dunno "i just thought she was more ""cool"" before" YES i basically decided i lost a lot of respect for her yeah and it's going to take a long time to get it back feels weird yeah like i'm judging my friends ha you know i dunno though i really tried hard its really awkward i mean i'm just coming to this conclusion and it's like creeping up on me not like i decided to be mad but just got really frustrated and then tired and then indifferent point is then you just feel like it's not even worth your time yeah and you get frustrated that you are wasting your time oh i've definitely wasted a lot of time but up to now i didn't mind even a little bit because it was just Maria being stupid but now she's different it's an ongoing characteristic and i'm wondering what i should do about it if anything i thought about talking to her about it "hA HA" yeah right yeah oh by the way yes? "TR, doesn't want to see you, Pete doesn't want to see you, Tedi doesn't want to see you, Wes doesn't want to see you (sometimes), and by the way, neither do I" that's what you woudl say] nah but that's what's implied yeah i have no idea what her deal is i could probably break it down her attitude pisses me off sometimes but again what's the pint point right i'm going to talk to Dan about it he's the only one who gets through to her oh GOD so wes called my phone the other night asking for Frank's number YOU TOO? cause apparenlty maria had told him frank wanted to talk to him? this is so fucking pathetic pathetic god damnit he told me DAN told him he wanted to talk waste of time worthless sons of bitches yeah too much way too much feely feely bullshit get over yourselves Ha all of you fuck seriously "i'm hurt... i have problems... the unbelievable love" SMACK heh "you know me burc, i don't have drama""... yeah, only for the last..... since i knew you... .SMACK" HA "i want to talk to wes, i need to tell him things about him and maria, cause i know how to relate to everyone and impart helpful wisdom, which i am overflowing with"" ..........SMACK" LOL "i mean... can't we just take ourselves a little less seriously, do some shots of jack and smoke a joint" christ almighty i think that's what tonight is about hopefully i really don't want to hear a word of it and i'm going to get nasty if i do yeah well is wes going to be there? i hope not yeah i don't think you have enough hope to squelch his patheticism i may just stay at Shampoo with Andy sorry... i know you have a lot of hope... i'm just sayin even though Transit will be a better party ;) yeah fuck em seriously yes let them self destruct the best i can do is not contribute to it i agree and support your decision completely and help them do it out of spite push both of them right over the fucking edge of nothing lol into a bottle cap with a crumb maybe the crumb will have some advice for them they can fight over it there lol its so funny i'm glad i have you to talk to about it yeah "we're ""victims" lol i think we'd end up hurting somebody otherwise everybody's a damned victim MY ASS lol fucking martyr bullshit is more like it ok i'm going to watch a movie for kids under the age of 5 and see if it helps lol if not that what is that? then sleep i dunno dude.. i'm off work now yeah? where you at? yeah man at work ok but i'm done here come back downtown and give me a ring maybe we'll do happy hour or somethign get gonzo involved alright will do good deal talk to you shortly yhup ? whattup have yet to talk to gzo i fell asleep just got home... went outside... took a pic of the yellow leaves in the alley bought some wine and jack looking at airfare 4? to fly back here on december 27 to drive out to colorado with suzanne one way tickets are more expensive than roundtrip yes which is stupid why would you ever buy a one way you picked a bad week to fly i know tis ok daddy is paying ah still want to find a decent far fare looking like $300 that's not terrible yeah not too bad gets tempting to buy a roundtrip with a usable return but then you get stuck with one ways might use it gzo still at work "says if anythyihng,,, he will go to pub in old city to watch futbol" ok don't feel like going down that far neither do I what are you doing now? still sleepy? nada i could go either way maria came home wants to go look at shoes have fun hahaha eh i don''t want to go didn't think you would funny thing about it is that she wants to use my money why? for her? yeah um no pretty much for shoes? please shoes and a jacket from old navy and detergent for imri and blah blah blah uh come over here if you want i may i told her we were going down south street let me see what she really wants to do she's on the phone right now bawling to Joey about Tedi oh god WHAT? jesus nevermind please don't tell me yeah enough fuck it let's go get drunk somewhere i'm gonna put some clothes on aight come over ok i'm out it lives lol i'm sorry mikee thanks for walking me home no problem burciago "THAT""S why burciago does not do late nights" ;) HA well no control besides the little dissapearing act i thought we had fun i don't know where my phone is oh boy yeah try 11th and bainbridge where the hell is that that's where you were last heard from on your phone hahahah yeah i hate when i lose all sense of direction jeeebus anyway i remember having fun so i guess that's the important part definitely i was hoping my phone was at your place damnit it might be i can call it and see if i hear it i just got home do that man.. lemme tell you what.... i was fu-huh-huh-ucked up this morning yeah i figured you would be you were double fisting lol what an ignoramous w/e you were also smiling the whole damned time haha that's great andy was a good sport great guy yeah he is he likes you that's good being as i was a double fisting numbnutz we thought it was cute i've been watching orange county choppers all day oh yeah? are you a fat little boy right now? oh yes good deal no phone huh? happy as a pig in shit no phone gonzo is trying to find you too my backpack with jack is stil there right? yeah... i knkow i don't have any way to talk to people it sux i'm sure suzanne is losing her mind you want to come over here and call her? what you up to? laying in bed haha yeah i'll be over in a couple k see if i can still ride my bick yeah umm good luck with that haha i still haven't decided on what phone to get and how to get it you have to stick with your company? no but i don't really want to change what do you use? att i just got some literature from Cingular yesterday yeah same company i think i like T-Mobiles plans better it's highly personal you only get 1000 minutes total versus a cingular plan with 450 anytime and 5000 nights and weekends I didn't see what i wanted as far as data was concerned ahhh what sort of data/ wireless internet hooking up my powerbook through bluetooth eh Cingular does have unlimited mobile to mobile tho and my dad is on cingular yeah i was just looking for info on connecting through your powerbook err phone http://www.t-mobile.com/plans/default.asp?tab=internet yeah i don't think i'd need any internet stuff T-Mobiles Pricing structure is better how so? cingular has roll-over minutes as weel $60.00 is 1000 minutes vs 850 on cingular 5000 minutes is 130 vs 250 Cingular doesn't have 3G yet either and they haven't even started building you can get 1000 min on cingular for $60 where do you see this? you'd have to do a regional plan oh nah "i mean,,, how often do you leave the northeast" more than twice a year is enough wait.... ahh... and did you see tmobile has free fridays now? http://www.weather.com/maps/maptype/currentweatherusnational/index_large.html?from=weathercenter bullshit oh yeah? yeah even better 3 day weekends that's only with a specific plan tho it's not bad tho $40 for 600 minutes plus free weekend s that's a pretty good deal ahh yeah only problem is check it 39.99 for national with 600 min and unlimited night and weekends "the ""Get More"" plan" lol that's $10 cheaper than cingular they do a shitty job of advertising that one but no rollover right and no mobile to mobile and no IN calling yeah i have to go with cingular me too suz is going to be in colorado mobile to mobile is key are you SURE you get mobile to mobile outside your region? SHIT you're right yup Enjoy unlimited calls to and from any other Cingular customer when making calls within your rate plan's calling area. yup damnit yup what i really want to know is if i can get my phone to pick up more than one line shot down going to eat bbs aight cingular's mobile to mobile includes everyone nationwide who did you call? cingular jeffrey and I are about to play splinter cell and it says right on the website any cingular or at&t wireless yeah?... just the two of you? you want to play>? in 15 min ok what about the whole calling area thing? i guess if you get the nationwide plan your calling area is nationwide YOU have to be in YOUR calling area the peerson you are calling does not good deal werd i fucking lost my wallet today taht sux did i leave my internet cord over there? game yes outside my room brb chit can't play without cord chit get over here then actually andyu yes? what about mr. andy feathers? LOL is on his way over to my place? don't make him come over here my place asshar asshat oh nevermind then do you have buds? negatory chit can you get? i know umm.... lol if i had my phone ;) meh yeah tell me about it i think i'm just gonna stay in i'm still sick been sick for the past three days me too fuckin lame Grandmaster Flash and Biz Marquee for free hope you aren't giving it to andy tonight i already did your cold that is ha.... HA what about flash and biz? tonight free 5 spot that's nutty a bit going to be packed i think yeah no patience for that at this point to sick to care ha really that sick? nah i had the sniffles just don't want to deal is all ha yeah.. ihave sniffles and mucus which is rather appetizing yum speaking of which i'm going to eat pizza fatty from where? hey fuck you from the wawa freezer oh you little senstive woman that's where yo i almost set the house on fire today in fact technically i did set the house on fire with what? a fart? pizza oh man in the toaster oven you really are outdoing yourself aren't you fried chicken and pizza runs what's next? taco bell last couple times i've seen gzo we've had taco bell cheap as hell where do you get taco hell? south street is gonzo's arm better> yeah still bothering him a bit but much better game on aigh have fun as soon as i get my cord i'll be playin with you come get it nah later this week sorry... i know i'm being lame.... i'm just run down and don't feel like doing much tell jeffrey his purchases will not go to waste i'm game to play later this week tell andy i said hello blahhhhh.......... winter what's happennin damn dark and cold all the time now hitting my winter slump what's up with you? how was your game last night? jeffrey slaughtered me naturally that kid is too good no i mean fucking toyed app some dude showed him all of this stuff so now it's not even fun what about two on one? he was going to try to show me last night maybe he's pretty sick yeah... i think he just has to share the technique we need to set times and dates that's the only way it's going to happen sure he's on iChat what is his sn uh mjefree23 "he wants Jules', but i don't know what it is" i gave him yours already good deal http://www.popgadget.net/2004/12/business-card-cutter.html haha ha where did that come from? eyebeam ? i need your help deciding on a phone.... ? i already ordered the motorola V551 but it is on back order i am considering switching to either the Nokia 6230 or Motorola V180 or V220 link me http://www3.letstalk.com/product/promo.htm?depId=1&pgId=100&mid= http://www3.letstalk.com/product/promo.htm?depId=1&pgId=100&mt=&tNav=1&showNoProductsMessage=0&nc=&mid=#offers use the 2nd one keeps asking me for my zip code ahhh put it in then here we go then choose cingular as your carrier then select different phone... and it will pop up a window with all of the phones i'd wait for the one your ordered yeah... i was initially going to get the nokia but i think the one I ordered is a better deal are you really going to do it through this site? the only advantage of the nokia is upgradable memory "yeah, why not" i dunno but if you do i want to know how it goes everything went fine so far just got off the phone with customer service very easy and helpful no problems if i wanted to change the phone quick i figured.... Nokia links to them from their site... can't be that bad so... anyway.. we'll see she said they were expecting the phones yesterday oh yeah i'd wait it's a decent phone from what i can tell.. the v220 was cheap v180 felt better nokia was sorta flimsy on the keys i went to cingular to test them out day before yesterday i think the only thing missing on the v551 as compared to the nokia is mp3 and FM capability and bluetooth no v551 has bluetooth oh sorry i read it the other way so anyway.... we'll see how it goes thanks for you input np phones are fucking expensive these days very the hot shit is.... "through lets talk, i only had to sign up for a year of cingular" and the final phone price is $29.99 "through cingular,,, it would have been 2 years and final phone price of $99.99" i want to know what the catch is can you get insurance on the phone? "not completely sure, but don't see why not" my understanding is that you can insure basically any phone and who administeres your cingular account? cingular so you can add other services later? sure... all you have to do to recieve the mail in $50 rebate is send letstalk a copy of your second bill "so, after the second month... you could do whatever you want to the account" ok let me ask you something k the assistant of the loan officer that i'm working with at Commerce is a real fucking bitch they lost my paperwork over a week and a half ago damn and every time i try to get information out of her or get her to do something she feeds me this ration of bullshit instead of being helpful i've been trying to be nice to the loan officer even though she isn't the one that makes the decision because she's the one that supposed to be on my team but they definitely aren't acting like they're on my team and every time i call i get pissed off wondering how much leeway i should give this girl in terms of? how much shit i should eat getting the fucking thing processed last night at 4:45 "Anne tells me that she's lost my paperwork and that if i fax it to her by 5:30 she'll get it over to the department that processes it " "first thing in the morning" so i can have an answer this afternoon "at 5:15, after I've faxed some bullshit copy i had with a bunch of scratched out numbers" I call and get her assistant Michelle "who says that ""a lot of papers come through this office" and when i MAKE her go pull it off the fax machine and put it on Anne's desk "Michelle says that ""Anne will review it in the morning and blah blah" "Now," I just called over to their office and get Michelle who says Anne isn't even IN yet and that she doesn't know when she'll be in that she's assured me that my papers are on her desk how much are you applying for? but hasn't volunteered to help me in any fucking way "18,000" in getting the stupid papers faxed over she's really pissing me off because she acts like i'm the problem sounds like both of these people are worthless anyone above them? i don't know but i do know that if they don't get this done today i'm going to find out yeah write all this shit down make calls find out who you need to send this stuff to even though i still need the loan? i mean like... a lettter of disgust when i first started with this she was like Oh Sure send your paperwork in by 3 and we can have an answer for you by the next day and if you're approved why don't you apply elsewhere? we can finish your paperwork in a week try another branch or bank because every other time i've dealt with commerce they've been super awesome i got my ATM card back from them yesterday in like 15 minutes plus both me and my dad bank there yeah put that in the letter can you deal with another loan officer ? i'm wondering who to ask i may go by my branch today and ask definitely just do that where is this branch you are dealing with? Anne is in the corporate office over on Market Street which makes me wonder if there is a different one i got her name from a friend of mine who is the branch manager of Society Hill "so, this anne character is the end all be all of loans?" i don't get the advantage of dealing with her she might be the only one that i had was that she was a contact of Bobbys but they're really fucking up on me and i really think Michelle is being rude "well, ask your friend" see what kind of information you can get about the process and if you could/should go to another branch "I mean, it's really stupid of them to screw you around like this" i'll wait and see what happens today for real it is btw... i didn't really like the razr in person i do yeah? where did you check it out? cingular nice i really like the fact that it's thin yeah in a year they will have better in a year i won't need a phone ? i neeed a phone now right i'm just sayig $30 versus $400 is huge nah not over the course of a year and in a year... i'll drop $400 on a phone that is worth it $400 will get me to colorado and back 1.5 times what's going to be different in a year? improved everything camera resolution less wide that's a false argument larger exterior screen that's like saying i'm going to wait to buy my powerbook in a year and waiting for three years i did that with the ipod and you know what? they came out with what i wanted after four years i need a phone now right... and you could have bought a mp3 player for $50 in the meantime nope that's worthless not at all spending an extra 50 on a poor user experience haha well i need the functionality of a phone now the v551 serves that purpose you're buying a PC all over again you won't get a new phone in a year and you know it dude think about it i have $30 attachment to this phone you think i give a shit about $30 over the course of 12 months? i don't give a shit about $30 over the course of this afternoon "clearly, in a year, if they make the razr better" i'll be all over it right now i don't value 1 dimension that much .35 inches of depth is not worth $370 to me it is to me werd are you going to insure your phone? yes now your phone jumps to 460 yup and i'm going to have it for three years and not worry about it again i wonder if you can get a small bluetooth headset for it 3rd party the ones the show on motorola's website are huge i've read reviews on third party some work some don't yeah that was the think about the nokia they use a standard profile they have a really nice headset for the 6230 what have you got going on Sunday ? dunno why "Maria, Joey, Andy and I are going to my grandmothers house to have dinner for my birthday" you want to come? when is your birthday? tuesday possibly i'll tell you later tonight? sure which nokia headset? i don't think there is much going on..... have to check with suzanne trying to find now "http://www.nokia.com/nokia/0,,47867,00.html" Ooooo i like right? yes MUCH better than anything else i've seen that's the first one that i've seen that i like all the shit you can do from teh headset $120 yeah so $210 total if i got the phone to go with it actually maybe it would work with lesser models who is this? New Deal? i got it from a website i linked to from ben and tom's website do you like it? decent yeah nothing spectacular i need to find more like it http://www.thenewdeal.com/ getting in the shower aight fuckin powerbooks dumbest case material EVER i managed to warp the entire case "THEN, i managed to un-warp it..." by hand its like gumby stop fucking with your case yo dude it fell then i pulled it out of the bag here in the office and the gap between the screen and the bottom case was all warped so i just bent the bitch back don't let it fall i've got to go to CVS yeah brb aight i'm down for yo Bday Ptay Din if you'll have me that is... :'( YO i just sent you a link so you can get even more money off your phone if you use letstalk.com $25 more 2:00 PM probably leave around 1? andy's temperature is 103 i'm going to go try to deal with it thanks for the link damn "aight, no problem" get that boy in a cool bath he's in the shower right now good i broke my cell phone for good shit that sux man that letstalk.com shit is really good my stuff will be here monday good shit i assume you two are sittin tight for the evening? oh yes at his house we're headed there now nice alright.... feel better andy thanks burc i'll call you before sunday yep take care... laters andy feeling better? 103.3 jeebus i'm finding out that this isn't all that bad? thank god for the internet yeah i thought that was silly bad 107.6 is silly bad http://www.drgreene.com/21_349.html http://www.aurorahealthcare.org/yourhealth/scd-adultcare/getcontent.asp?URLAdultCare=%22Fever.html%22 tell me the temp went down "it goes down, it goes up" starting to get familiar fluids flushitout i think it might be strep throat or tonsillitis isn't it awesome that we're the only civilized nation that doesn't have universal healthcare? i'm so glad we reelected George W. Bush not the time for me to discuss trying to get a doctor when you're poor is like trying to win the lottery yeah true or going to atlantic city spend a thousand dollars on the high likelyhood of nothing right "anyway, there's nothing really to do about it" he's rearranging his room "fluids, cool baths... vitamins" just make it so body can do it's thing "yeah, i think i'm going to have to break it to him that london broil isn't going to be really appealing with tonsils the size of texas" haha let's think soup don't want to waste body energy digesting a cow on another note... this letstalk.com place is pretty amazing "everything has gone really smoothly, knock on wood" i'll probably use it if i can scare up the money i'm just bein a child waiting for santa claus don't mind me ha monday then yes sir i'll have to come show sup YES! someone to talk to oh how i've been starving to type "(yes, i am hungover.... madly)" what's up with you? just got home what you do last night? julian's place just the two of you? no he had a little holiday get together packed cause his place is so small and all of a sudden my battery is dead for no particular reason that's lame maybe the stupid fucking aluminum case sucked the life out of it still bent are you? quite it's a clever design flaw i want a sausage egg n cheese on croysant they know what you did to your machine i'm eating a leftover buffalo chicken cheese steak bastard i only have food that is good for me here blows you're also a five minute walk from gastronomic bliss ? guide me portobello road grease for miles around (south st) that was an obscure cultural reference to Bedknobs and Broomsticks yeah.... i've moved on ;) how to fill my morning then? you bored? i can't remember the last time i had a shower shower then funkmaster how's andy we went to the emergency room last night they gave him a shot in the ass of antibiotics and a take home goodie bag with percocets nice hehe is he feeling any better? what did they say? they said it looked like a bomb went off in the back of his throat he can swallow again so that's something honestly i feel like i've witnessed a terrorist attack and really feel numb to the whole thing gotcha i wonder if i should just get another virgin mobile phone prob not sunk costs right you know my feeling on the subject get the best phone for the cheapest "don't think i'll pass the credit check for cingular, which means some god awful deposit" you know what what you can just put it through on the letstalk.com website somehow i passed the credit check "which, MAYbe my recent efforts to fix my credit are actually paying off" but i was still surprised which plan did you choose? 39.99 national so. 450 anytime rollover minutes 5000 night and weekend free mobile to mobile the thing is.... you pay for text messaging "which, i'm not so so worried about..." but fyi do you know how many minutes you were using before like 300 a month of my anytime and maybe 1000 of night and weekend???? maybe hmmm i have no idea how much i use what a fucking great idea that was getting people to try to figure out how much they use the phone in order to pay for it you're too low you're fucked too high fucked way too low way too fucked eh i just pay my $40 and call it even maria had an $800 phone bill well one does have to be reasonable wasn't that cause of dropped calls? yes i still don't get it tho if you know you are having a problem you should probably monitor its effects i don't think anybody can reasonably expect an $800 phone bill that's extortion sure... i'm just saying there had to be signs have you ever heard of anything else where you pay for a service and then pay 20 times more because that service is broken? i don't know the details of the situation no i have not but there has to be something to it any carrier i have ever been with has always removed dropped calls and what i'm saying is.... to rack up $800 that has to be a lot of dropped calls yup so one had ample warning the problem didn't surface from nowhere well they stuck it to her yes sounds like it "anyway, i don' t know which plan i should get" what details are you contemplating? nationwide/regional? nationwide are you contemplating more minutes than the $40? probably i thought the 850 plan might work might be way too much too and you are thinking of the nationwide to cover your trips to TN? i just hate the idea of roaming "right,,, but you can look at the map and determine if you actually need nationwide" how much does it save you?\ $40 would get you 600 min and unlimited nights/weekends no rollover yes rollover wait still 5000 night and weekend shit nevermind and $9.99 for mobile to mobile screw that yeah might as well do the $50 and get the 600 anytime if that is what you want how much do you use your phone? "not much, but that's b/c i hated it" would use it more for long distance and i really wish they had a better data plan so you could use your phone to surf the internet? "yeah, mapquest when i'm on the road" ah http://www.we-make-money-not-art.com/archives/003871.php pretty neat so i think i'm going to have to find a different loan officer at commerce bank i'd say so "would you a) write a nasty letter to the original, useless loan officer and copy customer service OR b) not write a nasty letter to the original, useless loan officer and copy customer service" i'd not write a letter that's not going to get you a loan "but i *would* use the ""oh so terrible experience and poor customer service"" when talking to your next loan officer" i think that's the only way you can use it to your advantage how to find? i'm thinking i have to call customer service to get a new name prob call them anywy they are there to help you you want money you have a legitimate gripe they are there for both would it be a personal or business loan? are you going to incorporate? should i? yes i'm thinking that should be your first step before the loan well you can't get a business loan if you have no business we're using the numbers from my father's business ah and his federal tax id "ok, so the loan is under his business" pretty much do you know you can apply for this online? you use commerce right? yes for a business loan though? https://secure.commerceonline.com/forms/bank/smallBusiness_loanApp.cfm interesting never underestimate the internets my boy this has more on it than the paper one? the paper one doesn't have credit references hmmm http://bank.commerceonline.com/business_banking/loans_creditlines.cfm i think i'm going to use it call roger "or Mike, Gregg, Kevin, or Jim" err... Mike "Carbone""... haha" sounds like a real winnder winner yeah probably from cherry hill I think you can play off the poor treatment you have received thus far to at least speed things up and get better service this time i'm going to call and find out if the app just gets forwarded to the woman i've already been using today's probably not a good day to call right damnit i hate being hungover V8 done that gatorade too it's a waiting game now sleep? advil liquid gels even yeah i'm stubborn i'm going to take a nap alrighty talk to you laters did you see this shit? http://www.nytimes.com/2004/12/05/international/europe/05ukraine.html?oref=login&hp freakky the KGB poisened the fucker really that a fact? not yet Vladimir Putin scares me sometimes that region has always scared me it's the wild west no rules all corruption lots of nukes exactly nap time. i'll catch up wiht you in a few hours laters thanks for comin HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIKEE!!!!!! food was excellent... "yeah, you and joey are a riot" i enjoyed myself thoroughly haha.... you should have been with us on the ride home i'll explain the funny i made later... in person ok thanks for inviting... "burciago, i'm so glad you came" me too get anything at best buy? Myst and Hero hero? myst sounds fun the movie ahhh Jet li nice i can't wait until i get my toys tomorrow best thing is... i can send the boom back if i don't like it.... full refund you won't send it back i know i still cant get over Joey's impression of mexican ET we did a few other versions on the way home mexican ET yo yes? i want tos ee mexican ET? he did it at the table when we were talking about movies...... that's when i was out of control laughing oh good lord i'm sure i'll be doing it the next time you see m e good deal ok time for myst catch you tomorrow YO! what's up nada brb aight how do you send an IM to a phone? +1267XXXXXXX believe you have to set it up using AIM tho cause iChat won't accept that as an AIM number for some reason... I think i think i just sent it? Happy Birthday! thanks! :) how did your day go yesterday? long but productive success? went back today and finioshed nice and the bank??? what's up with htem finally talked to Ann today had to clear up one thing on my credit report which i'm doing now. werd you back in philly tonight? back now awesome what are your plans for tonight? no plans the robosapien gimmicj AIBO ripoff oh... did i tell you what i'm getting suzanne for xmas? like those old Tiger games wha? Two iSights ha i thought that was genius does she have a pb? she will soon genius to you maybe she'll def appreciate better damn things are $130 cheap ha ok money bags look up Delicious Library mp3 players? nah software ahhhhhhhh scan shit in using your iSight right read about that yesterday i don't get the point really i do explain for anyone who has over 20 DVDs remember what you've bought plus it has this buy/sell feature built in i'm prolly going to get ome again i figure it's going to be one of the most used gifts she'll ever recieve i was going to get her a photo printer so she could print pictures that i took or that she took but i think this is better maybe get her a large teddybear to go with it now you've got something that's exactly what i was thinking girls don't usually like electronics. they like things that are stuffed. right balance plus it's like getting yourself an xmas present haha i know would mean more if you just gave it to her before she left as a going away present a true suprise surprise yeah damnit now i have to do more xmas thinking yes sorry no.. thank you funny thing is that she never knows how much discussion goes into this kinjd of shit to make you a suave motherfucker haha TRUE i wonder if you can buy a phone card online sure we did it with SSI where? i forget lemme call gzo ok pinzoo pinzoo? http://pinzoo.com/Store/tmpl/sect.aspx?body=full_home damn my mind is remarkable like a highly polished 9mm err.. somethin like that i think heavy drinking works my mind out like a challenge um... ok. is that b/c of the lack of oxygen? something i dunno maybe my mind is just super stubborn ego maybe dammit keeps telling me my cart is empty use explorer using firefox same deal strike i have to wait for the fuckers to CALL? somdebody is having a ball on their horns out on broad st lol pinplan.com they've upgraded good deal so a large teddybear what are you getting andy? FAO Schwarz probably a whip or something like that ha going to play myst aight will catch up with you later? yep guess what i just got a blowjob better better? a cellphone and bluetooth headset Ha are you at home? n no at work still i have to charge all the pieces first do they work? yeah what does it look like? says to not use phone until charged fully i like both the phone and the headset is the headset comfortable? yeah and tight too like.. i thought it would be all loose and fall off but I could probably go jogging with it andhave no problems whatsoever how big is the part in the back? umm think the size of your thumb bring it over tonight? clearly ;) i can't wait to go home and charge these things what are you waiting for? 430 meh you must have more willpower than I dude i was about to call fedex and let them have it tell them there are live organs in the box i was about to give Ann Z. at the bank a new asshole today lol yeah... i exercised some SERIOUS patience today time to take a shower brb question actually two questions "if you had a blood blister the size of a dime on the end of your index finger, would you puncture it?" yes i would despite the possiblity of infection? well depending on how it was ......... i would pop it and cut all the skin away "cause, without that skin..." ew you are less likely to get infection serious? second question "with any would, if it is at all open, the skin flaps are the major contributor towards infection" wound do you speak spanish? yes ok to a level much higher level when i have been speaking for 10 days or more why curious i got a very lil bit of german goin too from? college ah jeffrey speaks german at least he ised to i think i'm going to pop this fucker it's a cool lang to know i need peroxide peroxide and neosporin the neosporin is kee key i've reached my CVS quota for the month lol i'll pick some up for you on the way over nah sure? i appreciate it i have coupons bring the coupons for neosporin? dude i have cash coupons oh keep tjose like... spend $10 and get 3 off from? everytime suz and i go the reciept just keeps on goin we use our cvs cards religiously when we go they give out coupons? yeah man you have to have a cvs card dammit i used my damn card shit... i probably saved $20 in the last month didb't get no damned cdoupon it's nearly to the point that i am wondering how they make money extortion frok their supplkiers right i'm getting netflix for both sets of parents you think that's a good idear? you're going to pay for netflix? yeah 3 months good idea nice 11 year old i am taking to Imax and planetarium in colo? was thinking that stupid robot yes in CO you know Maria just showed me the same exact thing for joey lol yeah it might just be this year's thing guess who showed HER Ah and yes... it IS the thing this year get ojne then fuck it but i agree with you it's sorta fuckin lame it'll be fun through new years and then it'll collect dust but like... it has less intelligence than my TI-85 most shit is like that i was also thinknig of getting for the 17yr old i think one of those could be fun in college better for him maybe how much are they? picking up joints from teh ash tray $80-$100 damn batteries i'm sure i'm going to have to wait for 3 hrs at least what is maria's phone number? 267-226-5892 nice..... "yours is obsolete, right?" no keeping gimme 267-975-8514 and your 1308 number too 215-546-1642 you need to bring you pb so i can put myst on it werd how large is the program 7Gb jeeebus christo wait till uoi see it OH and check out what jeffrey sent me will i need to get a special controller? nah uses trackpad nice http://gamesradar.msn.co.uk/news/default.asp?pagetypeid=2&articleid=33225&subsectionid=1584 get the fuck out i know i hope that isn't game play screen of the Porsche supposebly "cause if it is,, i'm goign to go in debt to get it" 2006 ahh werd maybe i'll have a real job by then mayb e xmas 05 that's fucking sick stupid sick scary sick to the point that playing it on a projector will be *reality* i won't need to buy the real car just the game wait till 08 when they have the VR version yeah "by the time i can afford a ferrari, i won't need it" at that point you geet one just because? yeah if i gots the cash not just because.... because that's what i've wanted all my life you're maybe the onlu person i know for whom a ferarri is appropriate i'm going to have one ywH it may cost me a divorce yeah but i'm getting one heh ;) http://www.i.themacmind.com/index.html interesting damnit y? i should have waited the lighting does seem off in that pic tho whatever. *skipping like a schoolgirl with a lolliipop* towards my electrical outlets at home i'll talk to you soon how long did it take me to get home? y? just kiddin... felt like everyone else was walking quite slowly ;) asshat one of the screw holes on the back of the phone is missing it's rubber plug think i should bitch? clearly it's new aight hey whattu p charging >:-o maria says come eat at 8 or so call her call who? maria or something she didn't say call jer but oh just come over whenever we;re going to lay down for a minite ok 830 ok call us when you get here? call you some lazy bitches yes... i will call ok we're all sleeping myst just asked me for dvd 2 Y i dunno why supposed to be a full install maybe that's how they tie you down might just not have gone through the full install like.. i never started it up on my computer last night i wanted to check it out today :( what you up to? trying to figure out how to turn my pb into a fax machine shouldn't be too difficult any ideas? not off the top do me a favor yep do you need to fax something? send a fax to my home telephone # ok get it? don't think the phone rang hold on YES i got it yeah it said it was successful thankks ASSHAT haha neat ok time to make a call fucking brillianmt it's built into the OS werd lemme know when i can give you a call i want to test the headset some more ok one sec waiting for them to fa x brb Andy asked me last night if i loved him more than my pb "i was like ""tough call" lol suzanne knows her place yeah what did andy say? "so, to fax to your pb, you just had to hook it up to the phone line?" yes that's silly cool nuts and it makes me wonder who i really love more i mean i dunno man hard decision as fucking stupid as that sounds we're to benefit/cost for our own good now to send hmmm.. i think i need specials software? eh http://www.apple.com/macosx/features/faxing/ haahhahahah bithes bitches works 1st time? they're just so fucking SMART yeah i feel smart by association feel bad for the poor windows users in the world it's like knowing where the fountain of youth is... and having pity for those who don't and that fountain being accessible through any faucet... just have to turn the right knob instead of the left amazing Plato's Cave what the hell ? "Failed to set up the headset. Headsets are not supported on your Bluetooth hardware." is taht a prob with the headset or the PB? pb have you updated Blue tooth? umm maybe not how do i check i fuckin hate Microsoft word Software Update Apple Menu how do i figure out the ip information on a windows machine? god Network or something depends on the os there's a way to do it from DOS ask Gzo i got it FYI - just open the network connections and select the local area connection icon and it gives the details in one of the sections of the explorer window.... (without clicking into the icon) i fucking love my fucking pb i love computers "no no, this is different" this thing just and knowing just enough to feel comfortable does what i need when i need it most and save me tim e and makes me money and jerks me off in general how does it make you money? i just faxed my loan application got it i was wondering if i was missing out on something "yeah, they eliminate a lot of other items" i wish i had my phone charger here i want to figure out how to set up my phone as a bluetooth remote for itunes ha apparently you can set it up so your itunes will pause when you leave the room and resume when you return ha HA that's silly quite what is your schedule for the day? going to campus around 1 ish any motorola chargers hangin out at your place? wanna bring myst? do you just need it to start up the game? i'm going to reinstall it and see if it asks i'm not sure what the deal is i can never get Adobe Distiller to work for me i've had trouble with that in the past too.... restarting brb k http://www.geocities.jp/b_ba_a0530/cheval_noir_files/top00.html how long do you boil an egg for? ehh 5-8?\ k http://www.deliaonline.com/cookeryschool/howto/how_0000000003.asp i thought you didn't like her "add enough cold water to cover them by about 1/2 inch (1 cm). Bring the water up to simmering point, put a timer on for 6 minutes if you like a bit of squidgy in the centre, 7 minutes if you want them cooked through. Then, the most important part is to cool them rapidly under cold running water. Let the cold tap run over them for about 1 minute, then leave them in cold water till they're cool enough to handle  about 2 minutes" no.. that's Rachel Ray "god, i could smack that woman" is this the one that's shot like soft porn? i dunno some british woman has a cooking show that's all close up and soft focus "but i was just thinking how she's one of those I'd like to ""hate"" f#$K" "oh no,, that's not this one" i already broke the first rule i like boiled eggs i'm having them with tuna? questionable how's it comin? too salty calling credit agencies to clean up my shit that sounds like fun had two outstanding chargeoffs that i had no idea existed pretty common total fuck you: $200 yeah i had $500 a while ago that was fun "actually, maybe more" stands in the way of me getting a loan "such a bitch, right?" for the moment my grandmother who should have a perfect 700 "has a $10,000 charge off that's just completely wrong" oh man yeah actually my father's who took care of it years ago never removed how long does it take once they are removed? "Once we have documentation reflecting the other collection was satisfied, I will be provided a Data Sheet to sign / approve. After that, it is a day or two to get documents." that's not bad then i have to have it by the end of the month or you might as well put me in jail jail? why? "clean clothes, hot food, no rent" gotcha you'll be fine free sex haha stick with andy you'll be a lot better off *i'm thinking* you think so? he's been a pretty expensive proposition so far and i'm a selfish bastard he's not sticking around for your wallet man nah not by a long shot you just need to control your urges to spoil him with money ha he's just as spoiled with you as you are by him....... material items aside "i don't think i consider a trip to the emergency room ""spoiling" right but you're def right about that but i'm familiar with the tendency to spend money on someone you care about he has this little talent of making everything else seem far away and all right TRUE i bought him argyle socks from brooks brothers right could have bought some Gold Toe socks argyle style but i know how it is i really don't know what this bitch does with all of our toilet paper hhahahhahaaaaahahahahhahahah faulty design having to wipe all the time "who, Al's girlfriend?" yeah def although you tell me how two rolls dissapear in a 24 hour cycle damn G i'm serious it's out of control sounds like time to have self rolls with your name marked on them dude that or a secret stash just take it with you ha exactly no stash just your personal roll that's why roomates suck nah Al and Imri and Maria are fine Teri sux0rz yeah oh well dude "she hides in Al's room, and the only way you know she's here is the mounting pile of dishes and the magically disappearing toilet paper" by the carton i tell you she's squeezin the charmin lol yeah i don't have all the info but my impression is such that Al could do better "way, way better" agreed http://steuben.com/acb/product2.cfm?group=37&product=782 http://steuben.com/acb/product2.cfm?section=8&group=37&product=785 that stuff is cook cool but not for $15K $18k right i was averagin figures i want the expensive one bastards imagine if your kid broke one of those "oh well, i guess you aren't going to college" http://steuben.com/acb/product2.cfm?section=8&subsection=0&group=38&product=323 yeah i liked that one they sell 10 i'd like to have one of ten of anything that' somebody made lol http://steuben.com//acb/product2.cfm?section=8&subsection=0&group=82&product=520 except that i think i've had about 7 neon blue craps in my life that's just ugly i can hook you up with the next one for the bargain price of $50 three more and it's a collector's set motherfucker is getting two hundred sixty THOUSAND for that piece of shite yeah apparently size does matter only to ppl with two hundred sixty grand to blow on shite you could by a really hot ferrari fuck that i'd buy two 355's and race them you against me? "sure, you cover your repairs tho" Ha aka.... HELL NO ;) "fine, i'll buy my own and school you" awesome i can't wait until GT4 comes out with the online version so i can rock your world meh not like driving a real car i'm an excellent driver ok i almost hit someone on monday cuz they cut me off seriously driving maybe 18 inches off their rear in my father's truck ha fucker i happen to think i'm the best driver I know except maybe 1 other person you've never ridden with me in a decent car alrighty... deal.... but i'm only taking you up on it if were on a closed track i'm talking about knowing the true limits of your car in terms of lateral force how loud you can make your tires squeal before they will cut loose just to make sure we're on the same page sounds like Indy racing nah kinda drifting around a corner intentionally losing the rear end a bit to help turn the car etc now THAT'S the fun shit "yeah, my initial reaction is just to let it go and then see what happens" "none of this, ""i can pass people real well"" bullshit" who gives a shit about passing once i raced these dudes from DC to Baltimore fucker was driving in the breakdown land and i still beat him yeah "see, that stuff is just stupid" not that i haven't done it "yeah, he was being an idiot" but it isn't really testing your abilities like.. sure.. reaction times and judgement on certain things but racing on a track is completely different you against the road and rubber when did you race on a track? high school fun i want to try that unbelievable is there an ejector seat? it is so much harder than anything else nah 5 points helmets racing slicks roll bars etc slicks! yeah "basically, they are tires with no tread, and then they even shave the first layer of rubber off so they'll stick better" i remember going around the track with my friend and wondering what we were running over on the track looking behind us and seeing pieces of rubber the fucking tire was melting off who was driving we had another friend in one corner "at the time, he was" I radioed to him and he was like... yeah... you're tires are still in the corner ha amazing how in the hell did you get on a track? scca events basically car clubs track events sponsored by the car clubs and you pay a certain amount you have to have your car to spec and then you get to race your ass off "until the day is over, you wreck your car, or you just get too damn tired" what kind of car did you race? integra type R was it yours? supercharged NSX neither were mine mm an NSX yeah and you have no idea what an NSX with a supercharger sounds like jeeebus brb http://store.yahoo.com/bigstuffedanimals/28tisobrbe.html adorable i think that's the one "Timber" heh maybe a kitty too http://www.coolanimalstuff.com/prodbbdhi haha ok my potentials are as follows: "sunglasses (colorado sun is bright) netflix Shutterfly Gloves Slippers" for? xuz suz for xmas shutterfly? prepaid shutterfly subscription so she can take pics with her digital or 35mm and have them printedd that she love photography and.. i can send her pics of me so she can have them printed if she wants ok werd... thanks mikee.... you are a huge help np i think you have to have the second disc in to play it zux going to see if i can copy werd have you ever run a traceroute? dunno what that is buahahhaaaa i am genius yes you are as long as you have another six gigs of space open you can play this game jeebus heh i can't just keep it on the disc? blank dvds aren't big enough has to be inserted when playing dual layer blank dvds? you can borrow it no idra idea do you want this file? over the net? i think if i plug into the wall it will go much faster ummm we're probably behind the same switch we can try i think it's going to take forever ok let me set it up brb k dammit "there is a ""get file from buddy"" optoin" ok one sec "under people .... share it" still around? i'm headed over what kind of Absinthe does Harlan get? i forget why? yougonna buy some? it was an ad on fark that got be mer me saw that http://www.laboheme.uk.com/index.html?mid=Fark looks similar i like absinthe a lot shit is nasty i bought a bottle in portugal for $10 that shit was the real deal i just set up the intro to Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer as my ringtone used a nice lil program called mp3 trimmer can you believe 55 pounds is 105 dollars i choose not to think abou tit can you think of some songs that would make good ringtones? Gimme Shelter whatever hendrix song that dude was playing outside subway Ozzy Osborne - Momma I'm comin Home little wing - jimi hendrix everybody wants to rule the world ahhh... thats a good one hahah what abut some tony bennett meh sinatra would go over better Isobel weird were you trying to send something? pdf eh how do i open? oy vey Shhh.pdf what the hell? did you get it? yes ha "The Society for HandHeld Hushing, aka Coudal.com, made up this PDF with special notes you can print and hand out to anyone who feels that they absolutely need to have a loud cellphone conversation in public about how wasted they got last night or how their husband cant get it up anymore" haha you gonna hand them out? We wish wed had one of these on hand on our flight to Seattle last week. From the moment our plane touched down at Sea-Tac until we reached the terminal we had to listen to some women shout at one of her underlings for fifteen minutes about some real estate deal that fell apart. Our strategy of annoying her back by calling one of our friends to loudly complain about how obnoxious she was didnt work. i could print a few out maybe a good cowbell song ha "oh man, come January my credit's gonna shine like yo daddy's caddy" haha how long till your score goes up? prob Jan or Feb 4 really i thought it took like 4 years or something "nah, if the information is wrong they update the system every month" IMHO it should be every day this pinzoo thing is great i feel like i could call the pope for 6 hours fucking cheap long distance yeah not bad huh? wired weird somehow ? i added my dad's cell phone to my list in AIM and now it shows up in iChat right exactly just for some reason iChat doesn't let you add it but will pick it up if you enter using aim is your friend's music server down for good? http://www.dynamism.com/n900/ yep one year which was the camera that has the commercial about the fast image taking? that phone requires a headset and it's 1600 i already have a headset i'm wondering what kind of headsets the japanese have yeah https://www.collegeatupenn.com dburciago sirius i did that no you didn't because it's working right now https://www.collegeatupenn.com/filemanager/Music/music.php ok diff add worked?\ yes aight.. groceries... ttyl l Ah ha! What's the name of that pizza place tha tyou like so much? and i need your damned number 2344 that's all i remember 267 760 2344 pizza? with the website that delivers? bestlittlepizzasomething top tomato pizza kitchen yoink thakns whattup kiddo just got home you? eh laughing at the hilarity which is my office "the ""off-campus work-study ""Coordinator"" f-d up bigtime" even made the boss use the F word good stuff enough for me to take my headhpones off fucked up how ? "despite being told earlier this week, and handed a memo regarding early payroll due today at 3pm... she left the office at two... leaving a stack of forms to be processed and a couple fucked up entries to boot" and this is supposedly the program that SHE coordinates what a joke does she fuck up often? more justified sit on ass time for me oh yes continually will they fire her? HA! penn? fire? please i've seen it happen once me too in this office once is there any explanation of why she left? no came back with shopping bags lol oh she came back? yeah "and was like ""today is the 10th" "boss was like ""yeah, and payroll needs to be processed by 3 TODAY" "oh" no explanation of why she fucked up the entries she had entered lol is she an idiot? quite a spectacular example http://playlist.yahoo.com/makeplaylist.dll?id=1313540&sdm=web&qtw=640&qth=400 don't have the plugin quicktime how do i change safari to be my default browser when opening from iChat? no idea how did it get changed in the first place? auto after i downloaded IE or installed rather crap freaky trailer i'm afraid of it yeah seriously i hope that movie doesn't suck has potential helena bohnam carter so i ordered the teddybear but they had trouble charging it to my card and the status now says it was cancelled but i can't get a response from the bitch email or phone "i asked for the status of my order, etc" nothing you've been blacklisted should i just email her and say to not bother... i'll buy somewhere else? blacklisted? you think she's not going to contact me at all? possible it's an individual ? "well, i was corresponding with one individual via email" how long have you been trying? sent the initial status request 3 hrs ago left a voice message 20 min ago were you nice about it? yeah is there any way to get a live person on the phone? no i guess you have to wait then "there's also the ""make your own bear"" thing" eh fax her? there's no where else to get the same bear? "sure, but I do not know if this bitch has charged already" call the bank dispute the charge ha done she just called k went through fine bear should be here monday or tues SNAP! good what u up to tonight? is your boy up to 100% yet? i'm staying here and working on christmas presents need to give gonzo a call what you up to>? dunno did you catch gzo? just woke back up nope what's up? nothin waitin another 12 min then i'm outta this bitch what you up to? want to cook something trying to wake up got it i think i'm gonna catch some beers with julian k interste? "nah, tx" yeah man i need a good beer right about now enjoy wow yo roxana's sister is HOT and i don't know where my bluetooth headset is LOL is there a locate feature? and when did you see roxana's sister? printer inks. cartridges where to get ??? staples? what do you mean yeah closer tho staples is on 8th and market or maybe 10th and market gallery eh across the street that's really the closest thing i know of *maybe* pearl but i seriously doubt it right k-o thanks np what u up to today andy says it's my birthday awww "so, you're hanging with him all day" if he ever decides to wake up and call what are you up to? headed to julians to recover my shit was thinkin a hang out with mikee day.... but i'm sure andy'll wake up by the time i get back in our hood possibly if not i'm going to the art museum if you're interested OH!!!!!!!! i have a huge favor to ask ? http://store.philamuseumstore.org/musmexkah.html sure sweet! k-o... i'll go get money and drop by real quick nah i'll get it later aight.... that's fucking awesome if i'm free i'll go with you to museum ok i'll prob leave in a few hours if andy doesn't call gotcha jeezus i love my PB so much then you should stop denting it fuck you ha it's my baby don't tell me i'm neglecting it unfortunately the bruises are permanent any other kid you could put makeup on and send to school tis ok.. mine aren't taht bad hehe on the pot haha sorry... but you've told me before wha? "the throne... the pot..... my ""office" ah sure half the time i'm on this thing i'm unloading at the dock satisfaction... defined werd speaking of which .. brb what;s up iSights delivered and the mini-dvi to Video cable who did you buy from? and we ordered suzanne's iBook apple does she know about iSight? nope good deal i already opened mine will she know how to work it? to touch it ha' i mean.. it's pretty easy yeah plug it in and use ichat sometimes if you're behind a firewall it gets tricky right i might have to help her with that but can't do anything about that until she gets her place set up in colorado ok shouldn't be too hard has she found a place yet? nope focusing on studies at the moment she's looked a bit but still crankin on orgo fun ha.. right it's really pissing her off i would be isn't she living with someone? the teacher blows.... basicallly rushed through the last chapter and has provided no help in terms of guiding them that's the plan. but nothing for certain yet http://1010wins.com/topstories/local_story_347145007.html so she's going to get a place and then find a roommate? that's a possiblity as well she's been looking for people looking for roomates "ideally, she wants to just move into a place" with furnishings doesn't want to buy stuff just thinking it would be easier to let her roommate look let her roommate look for what? a place yeah there is a girl in that sort of situation but then she'd probably have to buy more stuff i dunno ideally she just wants to move into a place with all the stuff in it we'll see what happens "any suggestions how to make an ""unwrapping"" animation?" i want to make an intro for the family website... animation with a ribbon unwrapping from a bow http://www.paramountorchids.com/jpg/C%20Sea%20Breeze%20'Blue%20Ribbon'%20copy.JPG what a flower looks like a peshe yeah i need a jeweller lol i'm serious for what "According to court testimony, Pickard and Apperson previously manufactured LSD in Santa Fe, New Mexico, where every five weeks the lab produced about 2.2 pounds of LSD, approximately 10 million doses that cost less than one cent a dose to produce and would sell for as much as $10 a dose." i need to remove a some links from the bracelet my mother gave me for my birthday it's got diamonds! ahah damn The proof of the significance of these prosecutions and convictions lies in the fact that LSD availability in the United States was reduced by 95 % in the two years following their arrest. where to go? haha um i really don't know i'd be really careful with it tho fucking two people making everyone's acid cause they could try and pull a fast one on you that's nuts that is amazing i need to get into a business like that i got the teddy bear in the mail its so fucking soft barely fits in its temporary home (in the cabinet above my lcd's) she's not gonna look? at work ah i don't have lcd's at home knucklenutz i thought it was a mistype you think the bear and the shutterfly will fly for xmas presents? oh yes awesome who is the CD for? my aunt asked me to bring it home ultimately for my cousin i found it online.. but my aunt treats me well so i thought i would just get it for her instead of telling her she could get it herself thanks for doing that by the way oh.... so my latest apple saga.... i called today about my battery... "basically I have two options 1. buy applecare for $47, extending the warranty for another year... and covering any shipping costs/etc. 2. buying my own battery and replacing it myself for $30 + shipping" applecare why didn't you get it in th efirst place? wasn't offered it and does applecare cover the battery? it does... but they only replace if it has degraded more than 50% has it? borderline no shit? i havn't given it the true test "which is to let it play continuously until it runs out.... no fast forward, no nothing" oh this is your iPod yeah sorry for the confusion np you still think the $47 is worth it? i thought it was like 100 to replace don't they have a battery replacement program and number 2 you haven't had yours that long hav eyou? i mean less than a year 10 mo. which means your warranty should still be good which is why i can still purchase the applecare however "after 6 months, you have to pay for shipping" $30!!!!!!!!!!! to ship? right nuts buy applecare free shipping and if you've had it for 10 months then what happens in another 10 months? right i think you're right plus they don't replace the battery they send you a new one with your old engraved back slapped on it well... refurbed ah weird where can i find a damned jeweller there is a metal specialist on south street the people there are really nice.. but prob overpriced what is a metal specialist? well they have a lot of metal jewelry so that's what i call them where at? across from the TLA if that's the name of the place i'm thinking of there's no TLA on South ok what's the name of the place they have concerts on south street next to copa oh wait i think that is the TLA i was thinking the video store buahahhahh bastard bieeetch ok i'll walk down there i want to wear it tonight don't pay too much where are you going tonight $5 that was my next question and.ee's roommates are coming home from africa nice http://abclocal.go.com/ktrk/news/121104_local_videogame.html ahhaha YES!!!!!! video games can save your life sending that to Maria is prob a bad idea i think i just ate some bad cheese lol yeah don't stir that hornets nest Wes has decided to rear his ugly head again are you serious about what? totally unprovoked he tried to get some of our friends mad at us so they came and asked us about it and I got mad enough when I heard about it that I sent him this: "Wes, I had lost the respect that I had for you some time ago, but we're now at a point that I want you to remove yourself from my circle. Do not talk about me to other people. Do not tell other people how I may or may not feel because you definitely don't have the ability to speak with my voice. Do not involve me in your pathetic life. Do not contact me again. - Mikee" so then he responds to *Maria* and basically tries to push all of her buttons at once he's delusional and trying very hard to get us all to descend into his hell what a whiney little girl he's so pathetic he' he's a web-baby crying on the internet ha yeah he knows what he's doing Maria says she's getting a restraining order if he doesn't keep away he's really gone off it "my advice to him is ""eat a twinkie fatty" HA HAHAHAAAA burc that's so perfect so anyway she's all vulnerable chit i guess it's my fault this kid needs a beat down no.. it is his yeah we all knew he wouldn't stop it is dude i was just happy not hearing baout it on a daily basis right life is all nice again this really has to be it though he sent me a message and i just deleted it without reading ok i'm going down south st bbl "however, why maria and joey chose to be so outward about their relationship on that stupid fucking forumn is beyond me" alright quick questin i don't even read that shit anymore ? do you think i woul dget better service from an apple store ie the one in NYC why New York? if i just walked up to them and said this thing sucks ass or KOP possibly yes nyc i was thinking cause aren't you all going up there this weekend? Maria decided not to go nice... maybe i'll go anyway talk to you when you get back from roaming ok later find your jeweler / had to go to three different ones and hide the box i was carrying it in why did you have to hide the box? jewish bastards "did you know there is a magazine called ""HEEB""?" take out a subscription and send it to jewelers row so what was the deal with the hiding of the box? they could see it wasn't from their place ahhh that's fucking lame how much did it cost you in the end? 5 not too bad so where you goin with andy and roomies haven't heard what you up to? nada you have harlan's number by chance? (818) 282-6767 thanks gotta see if i can waste some time tonight studying? yeah and things just wouldn't be right if i got a jump on the family website ha have you played Myst yet? i couldn't figure out what to do after i lined up the wavelengths "you think i can pump the audio from my cable box, to my laptop, to my bluetooth?" "sure, why not" yo sure why not what? "7:36 PM you think i can pump the audio from my cable box, to my laptop, to my bluetooth?" i couldn't figure out how to route the sound once i got it in from the tv like. i could see it in system preferences line-in the meter was moving but i couldn't figure out a program to put it through to even the headphones or built-in speakers you have to open up the Audio MIDI utility and check a little box to get it to playthrough much less the headset i thought i messed with that too audio midi huh? under utilities? yes yes maybe i'll try again I think i'm gonna return the headset anyhoo y? i dunno one of the calls i made the lady said she had a hard time hearing me others were fine and it's a $95 piece suzanne was talking about not getting internet at her place in colorado this morning "but i think he she realizes the benefits, considering the iSight, she will" ha i hope that's pretty funny yeah... for you it is for me it's a potential $260 waste how was last night with andy's roomates?? i saw them for maybe 5 minutes what's up with that? sex man figures you think suzanne will change her mind given iSights? here i was with this awesome idea... now i'm stuck give her the iSight not having internet is ridiculous for someone who is supposed to be in school she's not going to be in school.... gonna be workin and studying for mcats but whatever she can get her dad to pay for it she's too damn stubborn for her own good have any hints for making an animated ribbon? fing one? find yeah been lookin "EA has signed a 5-year agreement with the NFL that gives them exclusive rights to use NFL players, teams, and stadiums in their products." ha that's nutty "According to an e-mail sent today to Harvard students, Google will collaborate with Harvard's libraries on a pilot project to digitize a substantial number of the 15 million volumes held in the University's extensive library system, which is second only to the Library of Congress in the number of volumes it contains. Google will provide online access to the full text of those works that are in the public domain." saw that god save the internets fur serious i need to learn how to shut up lol wes? maria? andy hhahahah what happened? somehow our discussion of group sex turned into a disagreement about instinctual sex which then devolved into a conversation about the utility of religion and unfortunately when you get me going i take no prisoners i should have just shut up yep learned that the hard way multiple times maria and i are suggesting that he may not be on my level and ultimately i'll have to give him up and that just sucks absolutely not what i had in mind when i started the argument and i started it fuck me dude better to figure out now believe me Burciago we're talking about small differencesz that add up to much i mean explain he's so fucking close mikee i dunno you are in a diff situation eh maybe not i dunno eh me neither i hope he doesn't leave me fuck that i'm not gonna give you that give me what "the ""it's way harder to find a good gay guy than it is a good straight girl" ha it is eh maybe not when you're operating where i am it's just difficult no matter what i should be a priest and celibate exactly picky picky PICKY i suffer from the same NEVER SATISFIED i really don't want to be condescending to him and i think it might be unavoidable w/e this is not something i'm going to stress myself out about at least we're aware of it yeah it's something you have to figure out within yourself i think i might have fucked him up though how explain he's committed to being a christian "and i told him that while it's a useful framework in the mundane world, it's something that i believe he'll have to give up to understand it" yeah that's tough man "yeah, i shouldn't have fucked with something that personal to him" sure at the same time do you want to be with someone where you can never touch that or agree with it "not really, which i guess is why i didn't stop shaking the tree" yeah "i mean,, ultimately, sure,, maybe you should have approached it with more caution" but you were going to get to the same place one way or another and now that you are at this crossroads you just have to decide for yourself if you are willing to be with that person it's not my decision to make it's his sure i respect his choice i dunno if he can respect mine right ok so you have decided that you can deal with this sure that you don't and won't have a problem with his choice immediately it was fun his mindset right i don't i went to his church on sunday alrighty then yeah... you are waiting for him to decide pretty much it really sux tho a lot the whole having to bite your tongue deal and shut up most of the time possible but not alone in bed in the dark "and accept that a person doesn't believe the same, etc etc" yeah well that works for a while but then you start to second guess "that's why i said ""this person"" earlier" ? because... you have to step aside from ANDY if you think about it in terms of ANDY then you are going to get all warm inside and be willing to sacrifice anything know what i mean? yeah seriously not my problem though it's his did you apologize? hells no aight i will not anybody who chooses to be with me is going to have to be able to spar a little and i've let it go this far without turning my head against him yeah but it had to happen one way or the other and it was really a non-confrontational way of doing it shit man... i have no idea i mean honestly.. i could change things about suzanne and i'm so damn picky but at this point... i've given up certain things i just don't know compromise is the only way two people can stay together yeah it blows hA because compromise leaves you wanting that's a good thing though because if you were satisfied what then? then i could walk around being completely happy with that part of my life no questions no reason to look at anything else "nah, it would drive you nuts" eh whatever roxana's sister was really hot ha HA ;) :-( probably a nutcase tho i bet she's fun tons a fun nutcase yep had a great time i don't know what either of us was thinking she has a bf etc etc not like we did anything but if either of our bf/gf would have seen us it would not have been pleasant w/e right i'm over it every day you choose to be with Suzanne exactly and she's great not exclusive of other considerations yeah TRUE and you know what.... she is the best thing for me now "More recent memorabilia on offer includes the rhinestone-studded tracksuit and knuckle-duster ring worn by Sacha Baron Cohen's TV character," http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/4094299.stm christmas present for Gonzo? lol "Pop star Madonna made more money from touring than any other artist this year, taking $125m (65m) according to Billboard magazine." jeebus http://engadget.com/entry/1234000583023666/ haha http://www.engadget.com/entry/1234000193023645/ lame http://www.ncsx.com/2004/ncs121304/ncs1213m.htm what you up to tonight? no plans what's going on? nada you chillin with jesus? sorry......... hehehe not tonight any word on that? nope nothign so was he pissed? "how did you all leave it, or should i just shut up and move on" no idea nevermind... you know what.... wanna go get a beer? "i asked him if he was ok, he said he was, that's where i left it" i'm actually about to do yoga really tapes? dvd ahhh spandex? naked i was actually thinking about how you wanted to work out together scratch that ha anyway... what i was going to say before nakedness entered the room was that we should get some of those yoga-ish exercises from D frank and try them shits out which? he has these exercises which involve stretching and using your own body weight... and isometrics... i can't imagine frank doing yoga. he'd pull something me either but he was showin josh and I last time i was up there ah "was there material to go along with it, or just what he had in his head>?" in his head but i'm sure he got it from some printed source maybe not in other news........ Wu got his ps2 online ah has he played yet? dunno probably fresh meat how long you doing yoga for 1.5 hours: "aight.... well, i'm gonna head home now....." ok catch you here later hit me up when you are all yin yang chi-ed out done ding! what you up for? was thinking of Myst while yoga-ing. what do you feel like? i don't care i'm down for anything "myst, bar, tv" movie i told Maria this morning that I would hang out here with her tonight but haven't seen her yet she prolly home at 7-8ish? you guys having alone time? nah not really you want to come over and see what's shakin? sure... should i bring anything? i'm going to pack my laptop and my phone good idear i'm detoxing ko i feel like none of my technologies are working phone battery died way too soon ipod batt is dying too soon blah blah blah how soon is too soon? phone died today i pulled it off the charger this morning it's beeping now too soon righ so i'm gonna give it a couple more days then bitchin what was the total for the cd? 18 something w/e 18 ok alrighty... packin up.... want me to pick anything up? "nah, i'm good, thanks" ok.. see you in a bit k how did your phone work out? well still fully charged weird are you sure it wasn't on? i made a few calls today too at least 30 min worth and used bluetooth i have no idea what happened yesterday weird yeah i still think i'm returning my headset i dunno it works fine i just sorta freaked about $ the other day and it's definitely something i don't *need* how often do you use it? i mean.... i'll prolly use it mroe when i'm talking to suz forever and ever but even that.. we have the iSights "but if she wants to talk and i want to cook or something, it will be useful i guess" "right now, i don't use it much at all" when do you have to return it? i already have the RMA so i'll prob send it out tomorrow if i do anyway.. what you up to? home eating you? work leaving soon going to get shomponya do what? ah for the nuts shomponya..... champagne champain the second one is correct i know fizzle stix yeah.. so pickin up some of that good stuff and then going to get ingredients for spicy nutz you no like? naw enjoy the nuts then yeah i'll get wine for me a nice large inexpensive piece of shit bottle what you up to this weekend? dunno? aight well suz wants to see you all before she leavese sure thing despite me telling her that you guys aren't worth it ;) jk ha so anyway... i'll probably see what others are doing and maybe we can all get together for a drink lemme know or jsut hang out at the very least will do i'm looking for a tv in case you come across any lying along the side of the road damned battery http://product.samsung.com/cgi-bin/nabc/product/b2c_product_detail.jsp?eUser=&prod_id=HLP5085WX%2fXAA i wish somebody would leave that on the side of the road eh for that much money i'd buy a really phat projector did you see the one we have downstairs? that huge bastard yeah wtf POS is it? looks so.. i don't really know i think it's for an auditorium yeah so it's possible it could be nice it's a damned suitcase where's it from? who knows ha "uh... the door was left open" lol haven't tried it out huh? nope werd alright.... i'm off to spice up some nutz oh... my battery on my laptop lasted since 9am and it says i have 54 min left BO! mines fucked up have to call apple damn apple alright... ttyl whattup g i want a damned cell phone yeah i feel you i hated the week i didn't have mine did you see the thing i sent you? hmmm jeeebus yeah there you go didn't come through gonna test the fireplace tonight do you have a screen? did you get it? what is? what is it? a logo for my uncle's company unfinished nice a screen for the fireplace? yes i have going to the Mood burning now be back in a few minutes alrighty mango.... ttyl laters what's up no work again today why not? somebody conveniently forgot to change the schedule when the woman callled last week tried to call you last night to get your opinion on the letter i sent to the bank ahh phone was dead? i was charging it while the phone was off possibly sorry man already sent? yes no response sent to gmail i guess i'm going to call her in about an hour? yeah a few grammar things here and there... but i think you explained the situation thoroughly i like the part about Obviously i'm not the largest piece of business on your desk lol ? i was just ranting to my boss about the IT people i have to deal with and he said? "little did i know, she had returned and was sitting at my computer while i was ranting" but.. whatever all i was saying is true... they never communicate when they know things are going to be broken and she said? nothing prob cursing us out upstairs not asking for much..... just a heads up that way i'm not blind-sided what was broken? FTP Outlook basically the permissions network permissions etc etc "Michael -  I received an e-mail recently requesting the terms and conditions to have the data sheet prepared.  I will do my best to expediate receiving docs to get this closed for you by Wednesday the 22nd ... most likely, closing will have to occur on the 22nd. I will be in touch late Monday to schedule something Anne" SUCCESS!!!!!!!!! bitches here's to weed and bitches i think the key is just to give up on it the key is to write them a letter so it is documented yeah so you can later prove neglegence and lies later exactly customer service has been on my mind for weeks i'm usually pretty quick on my documented bitchin "Not a problem .... I apologize for that initial application not going through ... once we realized that mistake and could move forward, you were very diligent in getting the info we needed in a timely fashion. That is much appreciated --- and it is the least I can do to make sure this closes for you by Wednesday.  You will probably be hearing from me after lunch on Monday --- as I am working from home today and, though I am in touch with the office, I will be able to get a firmer feel on when Wednesday this can close when I am in the office.  Have a great weekend and I will be in touch Monday. Anne" success see? written bitches http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=1548&ncid=1548&e=5&u=/afp/20041216/lf_afp/afplifestylebrazil_041216213227 300 grand?? yeah wtf am i doing in philly? "own your own 3,000 sq foot revolving floor" um "brazil is real nice i hear,,,, wink wink" poverty and crime are tons of fun "3,000 square feet" right i like it hard to decorate you could do laps the dog could walk itself what are you up to tonight? eh dunno you? no plans any idea about when Suzanne wanted to visit? maybe tonight i dunno she's starting to get worked up about moving "oh yeah, that little packing thing" but i'll talk to her this afternoon and let you know i wouldn't mind getting a drink somewhere tonight "like, earlier style" sure thing haha get this ? i just bought 200 tokens i'd suggest stocking up oh riiight bought for who? me i ride septa you bought $400 worth of token? $260 tokens are $1.30 right right shit until when? january and then what $2 something like that nah yes watch i'll show you http://kyw.com/Local%20News/local_story_351124559.html the mayor's talking lawyers sure i'll use them either way if they DO go up i can sell the bitches for a profit i should buy more "shit nigga, i wish i had $230 to spend on phantom toll booths" it'll never happen philly will burn first that's at least within the realm of possibility haha did you get that little local joke i made? i think i'm starting to like this place hahha where does one get 200 tokens/ my bank bookstore 15th station like what place they hand you a sack? well... i think they come in sacks of 30 packs 5 token per pack i seriously think i'll buy 30 more packs isn't it cheaper to buy a pass/ pass only covers you for a month or a week so you have to ride a lot per XX amount of time i don't ride that much you're the sucker they were going for when they made that initial press release ok explain me this if i plan on using the tokens how am i a sucker? you're adding the cost of inflation to your tokens ????????? SEPTA tried to scare the shit out of people byh telling everyone they're going out of business just to get decent legislation passed it's NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN ok so what do i lose? nothing people in this town would shit themselves no wrong you lose the opportunity cost of spending that money now instead of over the course of the next year haha i wasn't going to spend it anywya i call bullshit alright i'm not really worried about it i don't have a better use for $260 second bullshit dude... ? "i have $8,000 in the bank" i don't think $260 is of concern not YESTERDAY you were freaking out about buying a $100 headset esp when i know i'll use them sure i'm a mizer i know how to save money and i know that the interest on $260 or even $500 is nothing so i think it's worth the chance that the fare will go up and i'll save $60-$150 you could have spent that money on bartending school and made 100 times that i don't have the time to do that and you are a fool if you think bartending school is the way to go ha even if you want to be a bartender y is that? i can't count on our collective hands and feet the number of bartdenders have told me it's bullshit those that have and have not done it alike "it might very well be bullshit, but does it not make it easier to find your first bartending job?" do i want a bartending job "no, but i d" and what does that have to do with me illustrates one of many possible alternative investments alright.. what's the guarantee write it up i'll throw you some money.. you tell me how much i'm going to make doing it the beauty of this is.......... i KNOW i am going to use this you could have bought mushrooms i have to sell them i have to expose myself to the dangers of doing so you might have to sell your tokens no I won't why would i? you think septa is going to stop running? no you said so yourself even they haven't proposed that are you going to ride the subway 400 times in the next year? probably third bullshit i guarantee 200 in fact you obviously don't know either 1. how to count or 2. how much i ride the subway you'll be tempted to ride it more often no i will not because you'll have so many otkens because i know that it is cheaper to ride my bike then WHY THE HELL DID YOU BUY TOKENS? "because IT""S COLD MUTHER FUCKER" until march! right so figure it out december january february march october november december how many work days ?????????? 150 Ha X2 =??????????? dipshit all right more than 200 last time i counted use em exactly fuck you and exactly why i can afford to buy at least 20 more packs bitch stupid and not have a care in the world about it what if you lose them? lol you could.. lol it's possible right you lost your cell phone yeah you'll probably move i'm going to carry around 10lbs worthe of coins oh... right... i have a year lease and they will extend 6 months plenty of time to misplace your tokens try again right cause i'll be carrying them around all the time try again what if i steal them? i take two with me everyday then i'll beat $300 out of you try again what if they change the token machines to little MetroCards lol further expense try again melting in a fire? heheh i have bigger issues at that point try again "The administration passes a bunch of money for septa and the fares go DOWN, bitch." "dude,,, just give it up.. you know this was a good idea.. don't be salty" yeah.. i'm sure fares are going down they could why don't you submit that proposal just to spite you ok.. i'll hold onto the fuckers until they go back up yeah HA street has that in his agenda i forgot about the dan burciago hater's parade marching around city hall to avoid a run on tokens from silly bastards who think the price is going to change what bartending school i wonder? it's actually not for me i'm thinking about giving it to Andy for Christmas only reason why is that Maria's cousin Theresa went to a school and they got her a job and now she's crazy busy with it and his book fair thing is closing down for a month gotcha oh i saw him yesterday did he tell you i saw him right after you did I didn't want to bring it up cause i didn't know what the deal was with you guys he said he bumped into your arm so he could tell me he bumped into you lol yeah he did hard to i went in for the light shoulder graze with my hand and he smacked the shit out of me with his elbow sacked like a fuckin linebacker dude we're fine i'm sleeping with his jacket awww ha suz opened her gifts last night he didn't give a shit oh yeah? already? yeah she's leavin on monday she couldn't take it i thought you were going with? no i'm going to colorado she's going to jersey AH then i fly back out here huh? to pick her up and drive out to colorado Ah. what was her reaction? "honestly, i think i'll have more incentive to try and see if I can make these tokens last the rest of my time here" she loved good deal now you're just fucking with yourself http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/4104731.stm wtf put this around the bears neck http://www.kennethcole.com/scripts/shop/product.asp?pid=5717&cc=KWNEC&title=&pw=thumbnail yeah.. i like to challenge myself with stupid things like that nice one that's a fucking amazing idea build your own world charge people to live in it genius i wonder yeah i mean what are you buying again? that seems pretty damn limitless to me a plot of land i guess access to the world meh time you could make your own you just don't feel like it right crap eh i think it's a decent idea well dammit what the hell am i doing then? right we should build our own world that shit could be hot all hooked up with all the ladies and guys you could want only hot ones eh that wouldn't work Urbz have to have some ugly bitches HA y? incentive to pay more for hot ones duh PS3 here we come right man should be able to take existing statistics on our current world and plug them in reverse time etc allow people to live in other era's i'd rather do something totally new yeah "i bet you could get some old people on the ""live back in the day"" idea" ha basically anything that's not now live back in 1997 when things were nice and Bill Clinton was President unquote Total Recall righto http://www.itmedia.co.jp/lifestyle/articles/0412/17/news077.html just the pics? i can't read any of that shit it's japanese little fucker is a little scary the japanese are going to destroy the world all over again hahhah how much does he cost? no idea that is some hot shit tho 5 years i'm all about it food time werd do you remember where maria put her car keys? nevermind where do you wash your clothes? 12th and spruce don't think that's the best place why? dryer be done 4 ahhh yeah.. the dryers there are suspect sometimes... most of the time you are fine though.. just make sure you don't overload them "you all are going out tongiht?" yes mcgillins is the place as of right now ok don't think i'll make it tell suz i'm sorry i missed her will do what are you up to? andy's friends are throwing a party that i promised i would go to like a week ago werd got to find a way to get silicon lubricant off my keyboard ha i'm so happy i have the natural keyboard now y? easier to type more comfortable is that the broken one? right is it really easier? yeah more comfortable less cramped "just a more ""natural" " position" its cool too... cause the windows key automatically acts as the open apple key it's wireless? nah i don't understand why people pay the extra money for wireless and then you have to pay for batteries "when,, if i'm using the keyboard, i'm goign to be on the desk anyway" "if i'm not at the desk, i'm not going to have the keyboard in my lap and the laptop in my lap" saves the step of plugging in? yeah "well,.. if i'm already pluggin in the power" i got a wired mouse for the same reason when i get the projector... i'll upgrade to wireless "right now, it's just an unjustified expense" ok right? "i understand where you're coming from, but it's not the way i would go" right mizer i am you also have a larger screen on your laptop i can't sit more than 2 feet away from mine anyway... how did you shoppins go decent i got what i neee d nothing special except for some really awesome socks i got myself maria doesn't like it that i'm buying this stuff "she was a total bitch when i showed her the $1,00 socks i bought imri" and then called me back from the car to tell me that I shouldn't spend money on them and that i'll live to regret it $100 or $1? one dollar ahhh but whatever she's got a point it's just not what i believe righ tnow "dude... if you want to spend all your cash, that's your perogative....." i think she's just trying to look out for you tho "maybe, but i also thing that she's dealing with her own issues on this one" she said she did it two years ago and hated it also i don't think she can go out and do it herself right now so ... no one should be doing it right... that's why i freaked out about my headset cause i know i don't have nearly enough money to be buying shit like that "most of the money i'm spending, i'm spending on myslef" she's probably also worried that i'll pull another Puck cause I'm buying shit for Andy too but whatever like you say it's my perogative yep until she's funding you or your expenditures affect you paying bills "then,,, you are free to do whatever financial transactions" "again, i believe it is rooted in her caring about you" anyway have to help suz pack more ttyl laters how was the party? "there were 6 dancers from Delilah's there, a two story christmas tree, and 40 pairs of roller skates" all inside a church hall that's nuts pretty nuts dancers not dancing just partying met many wow maybe 60 ppl but in that room no way to tell with a fur rimmed firepit in the middle of the room and a bed on the altar in front of the pipe organ it was ok andy drank too much and got sick so we left early lol how did this wind up at a church hall sounds shady owner of the 5 Spot bought it and turned it into his bachelor pad plus the house next door Andy's friends are renting out the Fellowship hall Downstairs man seems wrong y? partying in a church? right The Limelight was a church never been old gothic this one was methodist fairly new i don't think i could do it in Gloucester One of Andy's friends who is going to seminary said she felt weird about it but she was having fun anyway haha i'd definitely feel weird at least i think God had left the building aight.. i'm out... have to go help suzanne and her dad pack her stuff ok laters what you up to tonight? no plans. bored as fuck well you're welcome to come chill at the bachelor pad ;) omg is she gone? yeah :( yeah ok when are you going home? i'll be home around 5:15 unlesss i come into some other chore i wish i could take this lcd with me yoink seriously i have to get a game plan together for this site TRUE lol i have the present done www.burciago.com (added the lil tag decoration) dude do you have anything else put together? haha no well i have some images i want to use for background ummmmm........... i have some thoughts i have the tools that come with ipowerweb (customizable photo gallery... java apps.... etc) my experience is that it doesn't take much more than 15 hrs once the idea is conceived maybe you want to get those 15 hours in towards the beginning of this week rather than the end? lol yeah wait... .is Michael Edge riding ME about hours completed? Christmas is a pretty firm deadline yeah http://games.slashdot.org/games/04/12/20/1722223.shtml?tid=202 i think i want to go pull the trigger what did you eat? popeyes dumbass how much of it? way too much lol go get some laxative "put on some make-up, and a shiny dress, and call yourself a model" i don't think i can bring myself to do it aight then just eat lots of fiber for your next meal "edamame, salad, etc" ok i wanted salad i swear to pete i did haha but it's so fuckin cold yeah.... no salad within two blocks i think i'm going to start eating salad every night with sides of other stuff "like meat, etc" salad is a tough thing to choke down when it's 2 degrees outside eh i really like the ginger dressing they have in the sushi fridge at whole foods http://www.phpbb.com/admin_demo/index.htm why is it free? ehh comes with the ipowerweb stuff ever heard of a mac losing everything? not for years this girl i work with has a friend who started her ibook and there was nothing freshman year oh well not enough info she needs to try to boot from her CD and see if the hard drive still exists eh apparently she recently used filevault encrypted her files oops not for the faint of heart yeah she's been screwin around where she shouldn't basically tell her that if she doesn't have a Q clearance with the Energy Department she probably should encrypt her hard drive shouldn't #NAME? they're probably still there "i've never tried to use is, so no idea how it works" apparently applecare helped her figure it out that was quick yeah.... whatever i'm sure she knew the password just that she didn't know what she had done unitl they pointed her in the right direction (towards common sense) did i tell you i bought the mini-dvi to video cable? i think i'm gonna test that out tonight you have a VCR? nope why? what are you going to plug it into? the tv it has RCA plugs? yep good deal headed home going to wait for andy to come over he's on his way is there a place i can get a salad on the way? over here? yeah umm i have lettuce here you could go to whole foods or superfresh on south and 10th "other than that, i can't think of anyplace more convenient" ok i'll call you when we get ready to head out. is that cook? cool? quite cook bring a dvd if you wanna watch i don't have too many ok ali g wha happened? watchin ali g at work? no from my laptop which is not a work machine ;) you have this little zone of personal space so i'm closing the loan today good deal very don't spend it all in one place ha bitches like ricky williams momma's goin shoppin who the hell is ricky williams the football player who quit "for ""freedom" and now owes the dolphins 8 mil was gonna make like 5 mil this year or more has pissed all his millions away OWES the dolphins>? breech why do they seem like the kind of ppl that would break his kneecaps? good times last night.... how did you end up fixing the display to play on tv? just mirror? yes nice if you had an HDTV you could play it at that resolution but i think you'd have to have an HDDVD Oh my good lord i'm so excited lol to be in debt? already in debt new kind of debt investment debt riiiiiight seriously before i was just paying off Penn with no upside and my debt with the PPA no upside this credit upside at the very least plus i own my own business Qubit Consolidated? or somesuch nonsense Consulting right and Design that cost money as well and Remodeling "sure, but it makes me money" no you make you money same as before unable to make money without spending it plus at Wharton they would tell you that everyone should have some investment debt apparently it has something to do with the way real finance works look at Donald Trump i wonder what his fucking credit rating is he borrowed his billions but he's still a billionaire and nobody has been able to take it away ok donald that's Mr. Trump figure 1-2 years to pay off a five year loan given my current expenses and then get a real commercial loan to buy that damned building i want and turn it into a studio/apartment complex/ garage for truck i'm independently wealthy by the time i'm thirty and retire by 35 ha or at least settle into art full time "prob use less batt runnin an avi vs a dvd, right?" http://www.rednova.com/news/display/?id=112654 :o we gonna see anything? "nah, but apparently i'm not a sagittarius" need ideas for website my mind is so lame or I am i don't know how to start something original start with the pictures / menus your problem is thinking it has to be original in the first place find something you like and use that populate it with your own pics and voila answer your phone fool on phone ass heh "free nights, weekends, and blizzards" werd' whattup slut home again home again jiggity jig where youa t? whattup your phone is never on putz want to smoke some herb? nah i'm headed over to liquor monster's wow ok ? nada talk to me on phone calling i'm on the phoned oh i get it what's goin on over there? just hangin no smoke as is over julians more space taking my ps2 with splinter cell kool gonna try to get gzo over there she called me the other day tell her i said hi will do how are you getting there? septa i called they are running TOLD YOU the green line ?\ everything is runnin i ma;y try and catch the buss since it drops right in front which reminds me i still need to give you your christmas present didn't get that last bit our comcast is sucking ass lately yo aight I got the Gzo in the mix hot dizzle heh now i wanna come bring it wanna go? come on i'm leaving shortly pick up mixers and a frozen pizz a lets do it i have orange juice what else? awesome ginger ale? ginger ale and cranberry juice the store is right next to the broad street line station on the orange line? yup hmmm isn't there a green line stop right by her building? eh drexel or the blue line? market and 33rd 34th? she's on chestnut and 34th i'm gonna see if i can't hit up a bus 33rd between 32 and 33 in the loft place err left back bank ok i'm gonna put together a bag nice you have herb? yes oh shit yes you have papers? SCORE! or the gb right-o i have some vino i have some rum and you know she has a full bar lol heh ok are we packing for the night? "fuck,,, i am" i think i am too which just means cologne and deodorant for me heh ;) and a toothbrush fool ahh werd and my powerbook right you wanna meet up and travel together? or do you just want to meet there I was going to try and hit up the walnut bus hell if i'm walking to walnut i'll meet you there alright... what apt number? i'm on my way as soon as i finish packing 507 k bang! out ready.............. break haha fucker fuck you ill go answer bitch dick i got your email/text happy birthday thank you what's up? not much just got back from class well just finished class and arrived at work for the day i guess i'll just invite maria and joey for bday dinner sure up to you she's at home andy has to spend the night in the suburbs sux i think he's an idiot personally lol i have to contact harlan and see what he's up to good idea i'll probably hit up dinner and maybe a drink waiting to hear if i'm scheduled for tomorrow yeah.. i don't really plan on staying out too late figure we should be done with dinner around 10 +1 or 2 hrs of drinks home by 12 or so i can go out this weekend if i need to sounds like a plan ha was suzanne glad that we're going out? quite did you open your encyclopedia ? yep and take it to class? nope whoa just checked out a few pages then left for class read econ on bus and in empty classroom for around an hour read ahead of where we are in class... makes sense? completely class seems slow relative like holding our hands through it all ha which is cool most ppl suck balls at econ yeah the concepts aren't easily remembered lots of graphs and shit gets you all mixed up i don't mind it though.. as long as there aren't lots of equations and calculations it also doesn't help that the econ department can't teach worth shit yeah well at least they didn't used to they are better now which is helpful there was a HUGE deal about that our sophomore yeear yeah... they really sucked it will be further testament to that if i do well now like... they won't be able to give me any shit http://www.engadget.com/entry/1234000650028432/ "i'm sorry,,, but frankly, your teachers sucked ass" "" hahah that's pimp jeebus... $120 i want aight... meeting bbs later whattup watching the MacWorld SF Keynote and cleaning my room what's up with you? just got home from working out i'm going to be a sore bitch tomorr w you're working out at Penn? something's fucked up with my iPod yeah... at penn what's up with it? i charged that battery to full this morning and then when i went to use it an hour later after it had been on hold the whole time it only had like half of the battery life showing and then some of my songs were skipping or not playing and the menu was freezing i'd reset it and make sure you have it up to date done and done erased putting music back on so what you got in mind for tonight? you want to go out to get a drink before hand? you there? yu drink before hand... prob not.... did you have something in mind? "nah, just thought it might be easier to go to the restaurant together" right where do you want to meet? you pick um... is roxana driving? dunno prob not is the restaurant in walking distance? but dunno 17th and? chest something on walnut? davios fuck this i'm calling you on phone stop bah humbug ok call me davios ass the restaurant i know some place to meet to go to the restaurant together ? on walnut? or no sure one hand typin i'm gonna take a shower think about it and let me know k new continental? or you could just come over and we can find roxanna there you are just tried to call you you did? yeah phone no ringy maybe on silent cally now hey i had to do laundry who cares about you and your crusty underwear oh i see how it is how is you stew martha salty ballz i have to get some music from you which? dunno tired of mine tho andy is the person you need to talk to werd poop "whatup Mikee, its gzo." gonzalo how goes it "yess, pretty good. Went house scouting earlier and Noel seems to like this place on 11th and Jessup" So we're going to walk around that area later tonight to see how it is at night. it's pretty decent where is jessup? "yess, two blocks south of washington I think" "I may be wrong. Actually, I think I am confusing it with another house." I'll let you know later. you know those lofts they're building at 11th and Washington? $150 for a 1 bedroom 220 for two so burciago is having ppl over? frank is coming maria's gone to pick him up i'm going to get in the shower "yeah, you know, the place is right by those lofts... are you sure of those prices because the realtor said they were more expensive." "Yeah, I'm chillin at Dan's for a bit and then I'm going for a walk with the girlie." trying to find where i saw that quote "let me know, I'm curious about that." "Oh, by the way, I got the adapter for the Powerbook G3, so now I am a Mac user." heh "Funny thing though, I was done setting it up, everything was working after 10 mins and then I had absolutely nothing else to tweak." heh ok shower whew you lives of course ;) we lives too good fuck them black label beeshes keep killin them one by one "yeah, a little toasty were we" andy doesn't remember the end of the night toasty i'd say burnt room cleaning drinking gatorade at work oh boy... time for a status meeting yo whattup eating you? workin did you see that thing i sent gonzo? you busy? "good to see you on, by the way" nah what's up "or ""by the by" anyway ok "so i have the option of taking $1,000 subsidized" or $2500 unsubsidized or both my bill is $2100 i could pay cash "but, am wondering if i should just take the loans in case" keep the money and do what else with it? dunno save it? moving costs for august? new suits and shit for my next job? have you consolidated yet? yeah i have $16k or so consolidated already i don't think you can do it more than once maybe a 2nd consolidated loan? instead of rolling it all into one will you have to take others at some future point> this summer and that's it tough call and they'll probably look at the loans I took when determining my financial aid for summer know what i mean? "like... "" well, you must not need it that bad... you didn't even take your loans in the spring" eh i don't know about that you could argue that you need it more since you didn't take a loan well but then they'd say... we'll give you more loan now becasue you didn't take those loans then "basically, i got the director to hook up my penn grant up by an additional $2K" this semester and he justified it on the system as because i was goign to have to take more loans later so take it? remind me the diff between subsidized and unsubsidized govt pays interest on sub interest accrues starting now on unsub take one the subsidized pay the other i mena mean i really don't see much of a difference if you've got the money now esp since i'm gonna be done in 5 months i would almost say go ahead and pay it sure the difference is that when they go to give me loan or grant for this summer i'm thinking i am more likely to get higher grant amounts if they see that i'm more extended in terms of loans than if i opted not to take loans in spring semester know what i mean? how are you going to hide the cash you have on hand? haha that's not a problem ok take the loan yeah.. fuck it and then pay them off after they grant your summer loans i'm gonna take both exactly wanna go shopping? ;) ha i wish in italy maybe you wanna buy a ticket? negative no time me neither how is suzanne?> great miss her so much she left yesterday at 5 oh shit not long yeah just a couple days fri-sun i just emailed to take both loans yipeee what you up to? have you heard of fantom drives? no ? just screwing aroundon my pb http://www.newegg.com/app/ViewProductDesc.asp?description=27-191-011&depa=0 cheap seriously why do you need? "to ""backup"" movies" with who's pc? PB putz does it support OS X? yep called them bitches they have firewire versions hm that are advertised as supporting macs only diff is the connector and usb 2.0 is just as fast and this shit is only $85 do you have usb 2 on your pb? yeah you don't? nope that sux yup yeah.. i called the bastards... they said the only diff is the connector and that the usb one doesn't ship with toast what's wrong with your superdrive? i don't have a superdrive for precisely this reason i knew it would be better to wait save the money then i'd get it and get a dual layer or whatever cool technology was out at the time that I developed the need do you have toast? at one point i did lol old version tho probably no need for it really maria does i feel like you've had everything at one point werd i got netflix runnin that never worked out for me really? why not? i'd always forget to mail it or not watch it or it would take too long and it was $20 a month i need immediate satisfaction basically got it i need to not pay comcast for cable i got our entire line replaced and i'm paying $40 a month for digi+HBO for a year who'd you blow for that? Pat? Tina? don't know some telemarketing bitch saved my ass $1200 or $600 i guess after you already had cable? cancelled it in Al's name ahh there's the deal "i just ended my ""deal" gave them my direcTV satellite box worthless bastards i hate comcast yeah our service was sucking it up if i could get my airport express to extend my neighbor's wireless dude was out on Sunday ha i woudl cancel everything on them bitches can you get on your neighbor's wireless? yep basically i'm paying $60 so my airTunes works properly won't the airTunes work without the internet? i think so but i want internet and airtunes at the same time "and for some reason when i join the neighbor's network, it'll cut out every 10 sec or so" 30 sec whatever http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&rd=1&item=5761773125&ssPageName=STRK:MEBI:IT i want this i smell like ferrets i think i'm going to cancel my internet do you use it? i'll just use someone else's has suzanne figured out her isight> oh yeah it's cool so i could get that Klipsch deal and then just use it as my 5.1 decoder hook it up to my two amps and a third for the fifth channel until Tiger comes out i think you have to have a third party interface between the pb and the decoder how many inputs does it have? "Aux, Line and SPDIF" optical coax bastard youjust closed me down i sent you a file didn't come and closed my AIM i got outbid already 3 inputs plus a digi input the digi is what i need to hook up to my Sonica Theater werd burc yes im in mikees room ? its maria yes hi chicken and biscuits sounds GOOD :D but dan wants cheesesteak mebbe we order out sounds good u want? 2 hrs tho yeah is ok I'll keep it here for you lemme ask poop hey u want me to come pick u up? in 2 hrs yeah mmeow 2 hours? how bout i just buy u dinner? :D lol i been drivin A LOT todY bryn mawr ok hang on ok mikee's going food shopping sounds good no cheesesteak? and getting us chicken oh snizzaple so we can make fried chicken ! :D yikes sounds good hang on http://www.rtcmagazine.com/home/article.php?id=100281 ok so mikee's bringing us dinner and we're cookin :) ok ur coming right? 730ish yeah k that's an interesting article man I should go into the health care industry "Over the next 25 years, a number of factorssuch as the global increase in the over-65-aged populationwill have pushed medical resources to the limit. Efficiency of healthcare professionals is in turn becoming ever more vital" aight burc time for my nappy nap see u at 7:30ishy yep whattup watching bravo what's up with you? working on a stupid flash demo for who Penn this bitch this show is krzed Showdog Mom's and Dads was in your neighborhood after the gym ahh i'm still at penn was playin squash with gzo ahh "if you were going to buy a digi camera, what would you buy?" ghost recon? yessssss haha i haven't tried the others yo.. so do you know the best software to rip and compress dvd's? i'm still undecided if i want to do divx or do it like maria does DVDBackup is pretty reliable for copying compressing i use FFmpegX but then again i don't compress what kind of a digi camera would you buy? what kind of photography? drunk party pics? nature walks? voyeur cam? italy asshat ahhh traveling camera think "landscape, buildings" long term faces people good lens not to big quick sutter right awesome color/resolution i almost want to get a 35mm but that would be dumb i guess that's deep end yes very don't get sucked in for one thing i can't load the fuckers oh 3 out of every 4 rolls gets fucked up i thought you meant 35mm digi no film right they're cheaper and better quality but "I CAN""T LOAD THEM" film costs and film costs and hassle factor yep losing film etc man... suzanne has some nice cameras anyway...... did you know that she's a lil photographer? what kind does she have? 35mm brand Uber-badass dunno nikon is good some ppl swear by leica did you ever see the pictures we framed? yup she uses film yeah fuji you'd have to pay 10K for that on digi yeah those things are fucking awesome i wonder about advantix i can't wait to get a house to put those in anyway.. back on track here i wonder if they have a good advantix camera eh how many megapix you looking for?' 4? 6+ damn g what size prints you going for? good question prob 11 X 17 at most http://www.reubenmargolin.com/wave.htm i want that in my living room oh yeah thanks for that link that was cool i want it bad build it i wonder if he would sell the design man that shit is fantastic and he makes rickshaws WTF hhaha nap time http://reviews.cnet.com/Fujifilm_FinePix_E550/4505-6501_7-30981651.html?tag=lst interesting you know what else tho? i think i want one with 3 CCDs what for? you just want to spend money nah the picture is much better with one CCD for each color i'd even get a used camera it seems like there should be some kind of enthusiasts website that rates these things www.dpreview.com http://www.dpreview.com/reviews/compare.asp interesting good hunting i used that when i bought mine what did you get? minolta f400? no results f100 "Format: CompactPrice (street): US$ 800 or less Sensor photo detectors: 6 million or more Sensor type: CCD Min shutter: 1/60 or more Max shutter: 1/500 sec or less Built-in Flash: Yes Uncompressed format: RAW Firewire (IEEE 1394): Yes Your criteria search produced n" lol fuckers dumbass anything with firewire is gonna be expensive as shit Fujifilm FinePix S20 Pro http://www.dpreview.com/reviews/specs/Konica_Minolta/minolta_dimagef100.asp that's the camera i have yeah i saw that fuji as well you are looking at some SERIOUS cameras "what if i just went into computer connection and bought the 30"" lcd today" you would then proceed directly to my house to play some xbox "on the 30""?" yar LOL yar ass-pirate lol you'd also have to get a firewire TV interface but hey if you'res pending the money... "i read a bunch of complaints about the 30" such as pixelated pink screen bad service /support where did you read this? forget forwarded to me by co-worker http://www.neowin.net/comments.php?category=main&id=27650 some of that sounds faulty why would you have to buy a powerbook to get AppleCare on the monitor? i dunno about that i want bbq chicken pizza "i believe that the first 20,000 out the door had problems" and a blonde they're prob fixed by now hop a plane TRUE dude "instead of buying a 30"" LCD, you could take your Blonde to Costa Rica for BBQ Pizza for a week" yeah i'm not doign either ha can't afford a week in costa rica too much work both of us me neither next fall still tho just a little perspective i'll officially be slacking it's gonna be great i really liked the monitors langsfeld had dells? yeah shite i'm having troubles with my headphones jack it is tempermental send it back fuck send my baby away? yup soon why soon? b/c i think they send you a new one don't know about the engraving tho oh powerbook sorry you think they could fix at apple store? meh i heard they're going to put an apple store in the old borders on walnut no shit that would be awesome no shiza springboard is fucked yeah i'm gonna be in that store all the time two stories it makes sense http://apple.weblogsinc.com/entry/1234000620034924/ http://www.gizmodo.com/gadgets/digital-cameras/jvc/jvc-everio-gzmc500-3ccd-hard-disk-camera-031863.php "if youve got the 1,500 to spend on it" http://griffintechnology.com/products/earjams/ lol figures. mine suck clearly you need mine i bought the upgraded apple versions b/c i thought they were cheaper than the sonys sent them back too later ebay? for $20? TRUE i wound up supergluing the rubber gaskets to the buds i lost one in wharton went back 2 hours or so later found it on the floor along the wall down one of the main walkways figured that was the ninth life for that puppy ha projector with DVI input + H.264 ripped dvds + massive HD + powerbook what do you think party on wheels i just don't want to invest in a dvd burner but it would be cool to be able to burn a dvd and take it with you i guess anywhere i'm going to that has a dvd player i'd probably bring the lappy yeah "and if a tv supports a dvd player, i can just bring my cables to hook it up" you can fit maybe two movies at a time "so, if i had a divx at 2gb" could i then further compress it down to 1gb not the way you'd want to better to compress once from raw thought so playing squash with gzo in 30 then i'm heading to your place chingy? obekaby i like the new music i got have to share http://c3p0.sas.upenn.edu/albertm/mixes/live@transit/ i haven't listened to this yet gradients man they bring shit to life 1st mix is good foxylady going to take a nap b4 you get here call when you've close aight yo is your father ok? so far the cardiologist says he needs a gastroenterologist what happened? went to the ER because of chest pains "so, heart is fine.... digestive system is culprit" sounds like it better than the other way around much that's good to hear... sorry he's in the hospital tho :( you ok? fine sleepy aight thanks going to andy's church to hear some Bach nice.... have fun. Catch up with you laters laters i'm gonna hunt down some pancakes hA we have krusteaz mix eh.. lookin for already made by someone else pancakes ah la-zee sabrinas maybe? good call enjoy the bach-ch-ch cha cha cha whattup eh just got home saw Sin City how was that tried to sell some clothes at Buffalo Exchange i'm watching my first h.264 encoded dvd "im' glad i saw it, but i wouldn't watch it again" how did you find the codec buahahhahaha handbrake has it so does ffxmpeg or wahtever that one is called hmmm 992MB i should get my upgrade i gotta show you this shit see what you think sure i saw Splinter Cell 3 today in the store how does that look? and I was reading about this game God of War that looks interesting you can play cooperative missions in SC3 that's much better yup so far i can only see one part where the 992MB h.264 is less than dvd that s pretty decent i could free up a lot of space on my external drive what you up to now? feeling salty about being broke was thinking about gym can i bring you something to cheer you up? no plans for later aight let me know when you are done with gym ok i think i left my phone in my car will pick up on the way werd i'm gonna clean this shithole "(my apt, not my ass)" good plan i should get on that hit the gym? nah still looking for my phone shit not in car? "upon first survey, no" try try again do you have a way to display video from your pb to tv? yes what do you use? s-vid? s-vid werd my dad is fine he's on his way home i'm going to spend some time cleaning my roon room and then maybe tomorrow my car that's good to hear about your dad thanks http://colorcell.uneven.org/pages/showcell.php?id=1506 what do you think about those colors easter? really? "i think the top ""cell" needs all the colors to be considered a good group huh? ok "so the purple, purple, yellow, orange" that thing yes wouldn't work without any one of the colors needs all 4 oh yeah and i like it ok but.... you do like it? there's something about it familiar not easter but something "andy says ""Cosi" yeah maybe damnit now it's gonna piss me off ? cause it distinctly reminds me of something in particular but i can't put my finger on it anyway were you thinking of using those colors for the logo? maybe just see what they look like did dan leave a shirt and tie of mine over there? and do you know his address hmmm maybe shirt and tie yes address no but i think maria does ok "you interested in seeing this movie, or are you gonna work on your room for the rest of the evening" "andy is going out for tacos and wine, and we're going to play cards" you want to come over? unless yall want to chill by yourselves or we could come to your hours house either way mang "i'm easy, cause i have the bike" place is relatively clean here we're coming over so it's up to you awesome come on over you want taco? sure and i'll pitch for wine too ok be there soon great what's shakin watching 12 monkees what's up witnh you not much over henry's lazy yeah not much going on ate some tampopo i keep missing Tori Amos tickets by like 5 minutes still feel like eating some pizza anus where is henry's? same building as julian 21st and chestnutz i wonder where my bf is oh uh oh usually doesn't have to work this late awwww missing andy sounds like a movie title "missing andy" you know what the best part about tonight is you don't have toe jam? i don't have to work tomorrow nice http://www4.discreet.com/lustre/ hey hi how you doin? good and bad what's up with you? not much just finished runnin squash with gzo what you up to now? nothin whattup i'm looking for a new phone broke mine anger? yup again man.. you putz... that was a nice phone fucking thing had no reception ahhh not worth wiping my ass take that back then to let's talk? i get great reception on mine...hehe i was saying that i was taking my comment back ah how to get a new one? Best Buy's cheapest phone is $180 hmm is it completely in pieces? no but it starts up and doesn't boot is it cracked and shit? nah fuck that how long has it been since you got it? December ahhh "well, in that case, i might suggest getting some piece of shit off ebay or something" putting your sim in that that's what the guy at Best Buy said getting the protection plan on your phone from cingular "then after a month, cash that shit in" oops.. it broke you can get a protection plan on a phone you bought on ebay? oh i think you might actually what are you doing now? looking on ebay probably doing some paperwork for my bills going to eat chicken and beans and watch something on demand sounds like a plan you're at the office? yep gettin ready to leave this place have you seen whoopi's broadway thing? nopwe want to watch? sure ok what kind of chicken you gots i''ll pause a few pieces left over from when Frank was here lol pass it was frozen! i'm gonna get something on the way you could bring Popeyes... fuck no ha healthy ok i'll see you when you get here aight laters here http://www.burciago.com/tortreform.html http://digitalgallery.nypl.org/nypldigital/index.cfm hey man how've you been? very well thanks i've been thinking about you what's up oh you have? not much i'm home in NJ for my days off taught some classes oh yeah? i'm in jersey too where in jersey? exit 21 LOL in jersey speak is that devilish icon YOU? yes are you close? it's woodbury in gloucester county woodbury... i'm at exit 138 on the parkway "11 on the turnpike, hehe" up past trenton? way past trenton about 20 miles west of nyc woodbury is exit 3 on the turnpike but i'll be heading back to philly in the next couple hours i'm going to see momma mia with one of my roommates she got comp tickets nice my last bf was insane over that show he LOVED It and it turned him into an Abba freak i'm not the biggest abba fan but take a chance on me is a fun song ha yeah it's not THAT bad i could probably sing a few of them ooh yar ha it was our driving music "actually, if i heard it i might get a little emotional" he was such an ass aw anyway enjoy the show i'm going to jump off ok man ama write some music :) sweet laters Hey whats up?!? hi this is BestDs/Erington thinking about a shower myself hmmm maybe we should shower together :-) oh yeah? my place or yours? yours "ok, if you like, come on over" give me like 10 min I was kidding about the shower im scurred ill shower at my place and come over ahh "damn, and i love a good shower" but it's cool whatever makes you comfortable i like a good shower too a nice long warm shower you sure you don't want to join me? thats soooooooooo gross Im really sweaty from dance ha ok i dont want you smell me after dancing all day as long as it's a clean sweat i dig the scent but like i said it's your ballgame its kind of up to you right about now what do you wana do? i'd love to hop in the shower with you. that would be fun as hell yeah it kind of would be im warning you the smeel isnt sexy if you want me to come over and shower w/ ya its your game then we have incentive to wash you off so we are gonna shower and then watch a movie? :-P sure we could put a movie on mmm hmmm okie dokie So hmm.... so what should a bring besides a change of clothes do you have that sexy long hair? ha yes oh boy :-D thats so hot heh okie dokie well i have to run back home to my place and grab clothes to change into ok oh yeah call me i guess ? where am i going to??? 1308 Rodman St I dont have your number and i dont know your name and where is rodman? i left it on your voicemail between lombard and south right off broad oh ok oh shyt you called me opss not getting reception ha np okie dokie aight sounds good Well ill call you when i get reception whats up man gravytrain from manhunt im kevin chillin wha'ts up where you at? im in md yeah i know but you are fucken beautiful ;p; i wouldnt just email you lol ok thanks since you are so far away chief "yeah, i'm in cc" cool... yeah a friend of mine lives in philly and i go see here pretty often but i could make a detour how often are you here? id say like once a month or so... but its only like 1.5 hours... i could make a special trip if we have fun how about now oh man... i gotta work... that woudl be awesome though what you get into? lol no worries i'm into lots of shit vers bttm for the most part body contact is my thing into some kink yeah? you like to get eatin out? what gets you off? omg i LOVE It yeah i love eatin ass... for like hours dude get yourself over here lol... i ain't got shit to do tomorrow im comin up there next week yo... we can chill what else you into? aight i'm into whatever makes yhou excited seriously i like talkin dirty.. callin you names and shit i've got an open ass mind yeah do it that gets me off yeah you like that shit? "bein called slut, pussy, faggot?" sure do it do it dirty you still there? yup sorry was that bad ? i'm really fucked up nah do it diry dirty i like it thats cool you need to go to sleep ? i've got someone on the way will sleep in a couple hours whats u up hey hi how are things going? well thanks and you? not bad I'm in new york enjoying? how is stuff at smiling screens? business as usual cool anything big on the horizon not my business to know jason is away for something conferences maybe? how long has he been gone/ when does he get back? i'm told he'll return this evening cool "well, I just wanted to check in" k hey hi away well well well Ms.BeachBum one day I maybe cool enough mebbe not only time will tell I'm sorry I didn't get u on Friday I went down to boring ass delaware to meet wes brother don't worry about it really? I thought you went on Saturday did you end up going for an over night? went from fri to sun actually mon he hasn't seen him in two years whatever still no excuse u are too cool for me but guess what? I fucked up today how? what happened? I called tedi and his female answered but I didn't know who it was so I hung up :P ? Jess had his tele? why did she pick-up? and he got angry I dunno thats why we have voice mails wieeeerd my roomats use to do that o word? it made me sooo mad they used to answer your phone? that's terrible "ya, when i would leave it out" thats why we have voicemails! what did Tedi say? was he really upset? I think she got mad because I called twice but it was an accident yea I texted and said who is answering your phone? and then I was telling him about this song that was in my head Howard Jones No one is to blame hehe hee but he wrote back and said "THAT WAS JESS AND YOU DIDN""T HAVE TO HANG UP" gee how did you know it was Jess I didn't that what I mean how were you suppose to know it was Jess and not another friend of yours that you called that's what I thought that I called my friend amy instead of tedi "I know you guys are all cool and all, but when your calling, Tedi shouyldn't have Jess answer the tele" dun dun dun I dunno but listen I gota to run k but I miss ye... wait.... "lets hang soonly, please" wha? we were having peple over for happy hour tonight seeing if maybe you might want to come by thnk about it call me alter if your interested will think about k k talk to you lata! don't worry about tedi never do he's changing tho enjoy the rest of your day it's sad u too! :-* "don't stress,toodles" :-D "hey, what are you to this evening?" i dunno whats happenin ? :) sorry our wireless is acting strange "hehe, no prob" or a splash anywhere its thursday! going to see my nephew... "well, throw me a line later if want to do something" :-) hey got your message last night was at Soma I would love to give you two hours a week talk to you later... yo In the shower getting all soapy and then heading over to my friends house to chill with the Bacardi and etc. :-) hey hows it gong? ok :-) how are you doing? im good how about yourself? decent. just laying here yeah me too are you headed out this afternoon? possibly hey hi who is this again? Mikee the kid who lives on Rodman St ummmmmm picture to refresh memory? your on my buddy list http://neocyde.net/curl.jpeg ohhhhhh lol hahah my bad :) im so blah tonight so whats going on? same place i've been all day: bed still haven't watched that movie haha damn so youve just been laying in bad all day doing nothing? we went out to lunch i got in bed around 2 or so man o man brb back ok so what are you up to now? not a damned thing i think i'm going to run to the liquor store haha thats a plan been their done that polan on drinking around 10 going out? yeah to 12th airfor a little while and maybe pure im gonna be a fairy tonight i think oh it's a costume party? not that i know of but it is halloween im gonna feel stupid if im the only dressed up make your friends dress up he is im not sure Just seeing how your doing since i havent seen you in a while. Hope all is good. :-) hi. sorry i missed you last night Hey you :-) hi hows it going?!? very well how ar eyou doing? im pretty good what are you up to so late? oh wiat its early ha i'm watching Pirates of the Carribean OMG Johnny Dep? yup I sooooooo wana see that havent seen it yet is it far into the movie? almost to the end awww :-( ok :\ i watched it in the theater and tried to go to bed earlier and couldn't oh so this was a good way to eat up some time :-) and johnny depp is pretty good haha "you want me to eat some of your tim eup?" i saw today that he's making Charlie and the Chocolate Factory with Tim Burton LOL it's tempting although never heard of it i've started seeing someone oh ok thats good oh i hate it when it won't let you send messages because you're trying to send them too fast yeah :) just recently :-) but he's great so... we can still chill tho thats good yeah id like to chill with you tomorrow i'm off all day going to get my hair cut oh ok are you goin out tonight? just got back from BUMP with a friend oh yeah? how was it? it was sooooooooo dead me and him where starting to fall asleep tahts why i came home and now im wide awake awwww and wana do something Soma is going on tonight down in olde city i'm going to try to sleep again here in a minute oh ok LOL yeah you've got to see this movie yeah i do i'll watch it again no prob we own it so.. oh ok :-) Hey whats going on?!?! I hope your going to PURE tomorrow night just got home what's going on at Pure? theirs gonna be an all night party till 10am and ill be performing :-D I saw you last night at 12th air oh yeah?! oh you did? but you where occupied/tongue tied haha "yeah, that's my boy" awww im so jealous O:-) it's a new thing ;-) i'm still getting used to it yeah im sure you should have said hello! you're right though i was def preoccupied haha what's the idea behind this party? Junior Vasquez is spinning OH the place will be mobbed yeah who are you performing with? some friends from my school that are also dancers what time ? i think we start dancing at like 1:30ish but i know its gonna be fun cause a lot of new faces will be their who's new face? a lot of new faces "like people from NY, DC and stuff" oh yeah? i'll see what's goin on taking the night off tonight your taking off? tonight yup cool beans i think anyway LOL time for my damned nap alright sleep well :-) thanks :) and thanks for letting me know about the party :D hey you how have you been? hi very well thanks "what's up wiht you" thats good nothin much just chillin cool yeah so when are we gonna chill mister man? :-D wow soon i hope me too so hold on i'm on the phone with my bf ok ok back :-) cool beans so what's up? i like your new pics you be supa sexy hahha what what are you talking about? on manhunt you have new pics ohhhhh yeah i need a real photographer to take my pictures thanks for the compliment i like your new pics ha thanks i got my hair done and couldn't resist i see it never does that either it's all curly and shit :-) so what are you up to tonight? going to bed soon getting back on a regular sleep schedule what about you? wow staying up about ot go to the gym in a few which gym do you use? Ballys 15th street they're open late yeah? yeah till 10:45 do you lift or cardio? both 20min cardio then lift the dudes that moved in next to us speak french it's so amazing omg are they gay? i think they're straight but i'm not sure im sure you can find out :-D haha these days who can fucking tell the boys at Fluid on Friday weren't so straight forward fluid ummmm not sure what taht is but sounds familiar Above 611 records off South oh ok i dont think im gonna go to the gym now its rainning it was just a spitting a little when i was out earlier is fluid a bar? bar/club oh ok well i better let you get to bed ok enjoy your night you to jeffrey shit! No erington haha oops misclick u wana lick? lol andy wouldn't approve happy christmas! ha same to u heya hidee hooo oooh eedih whats up i'm packing for a long trip what's up with you deciding what to wear tonight where you going? to the dump to the dump to the dump dump dump haha what you headed out to? to the poo of sham oh yes? ohhhhh yeeeesssss what's the occasion? YAY i have an outfit HEH eh none score one for the home team my friend asked me to go with her what are you going to wear? these dark green pants with zippers and straps that hang in the back with this SO skin tight long sleave shirt its like stocking material it has hindu gods all over it its really cool looking it looks like im all tattooed up when i have it on oooo that's HOT where did you find it? hmmmm im not sure i think 579 it was yeaaaarrrrs ago when i was like 12 haha figures they had others im SO mad i didnt get them all ha "yeah, brad pitt was shot wearing one like three months ago" o really? really really mmmmmmm *slurp* heh very ok chief enjoy the night i'm off ding! hey "so, i have a new job" ahh! awesome! doing what? running the business of a fashion designer in Manayunk awesome!!! *dances with you* yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay heh yeah it's intense what's up with you half asleep trying to wake up lol Squirrelissa Explains it All @ Myspace.com watch the video i posted on there the smurfs? yes1 LOL :-D the end is the best heya hi whats up? talking to a bunch of fags online what's up with you smoking a bowl :-X hhmmm i think i may pick up smoking again now tha tyou mention it how was your labor day? did you get your epideural? epideural? i wish! lol it was alright.. i saw exorcist how about yours? very decent i saw Hero yaaaaaaay how was it? cinematic i have to rent subtitled movies and poignant at times although a little done up all over most movie are :-$ heh i want to buy it thats fun a lot of new movies are coming out! im excited alexander yum what else i cant wait till resident evil 2 comwa out this weekend :-D and that too! then sky captain and the world of tommorrow the week after! woot! jude law double yum :-O:-O:-O #NAME? oh ya! do it how's your bf? Squirrelissa Explains it All @ Myspace.com look at the movie thing i have on there its great! hes good... we took my nephew to the zoo yesterday how sweet i'm really glad you two have stuck together you sent this to me before waaaah booooo me i suck yea were a good couple i think well be together a long while you should come visit me in the city sometime the two of you for i don't know cake or seomthign awwww! you live in the city now? yup in the gborhood o really? where at? 13 and lombard oh awesome yes but i need to decorate for shame! may i inquire as to what you pay for rent? lol! i have enough shit in my bedroom alone to decorate a house $350 what! no way yup four bedroom house you have roomates? yes all straight thats cool it works awesome! collins looking to move to that part of philly or around that area does he go to school in the city>? no he just wants to live there hes done college <yawn> yawwwn indeed brb k im the baby gotta love me... big purple eyes im very cuddily.. dont ya think that ever home should have one of me? or 3!!!!!! cause im the baby and ya got to i said jump on the bed hit mah daddy in the head i take every chance to make a poop in mah pants cause im the baby and ya got to pewp heya hi whats up? http://balldroppings.com/ thats fun yeah i thought so what's up with you? not too much trying to find pot :-$ and listening to music vnv nation woot! hmmm i wish i could help i think i know kids here but all in the city oh really? my friend could drive me to get it tell you what "if you're still loooking tomorrow, i'll def help you find" i was just about to sleep anyway whomp cool thanks :-D np happy hunting :-) thanks lol come to our halloween party? im going to shampoo :-( on Friday? nah on sun Friday is the party :0 :) ah ok where is it? my house in the city email me all the info you got it which address? f4gb0y83@aol.com k we're going to write one this weekend bring your bf and Ricky if he's interested awesome Ricky? LOL i forget now collin not your bf your best friend Mike Saga's little brother oh ya i dont talk to him anymore whomp wah oh well brb' <poke poke> pokapoka waygup iss tyme to wagup what? WAGUPPPPP way gup poke poke r u awake? hahah yes i see now I've been waiting on this one email address to send out the invites to my party but i think i'm just going to say fuck it and send them how are ye lol good good and you? very good very well :-D thats good to hear Mark I have a question for you specifically ya? shit phone lol ok ok ding! ding ding so whats the question? This party #1 are y ou coming? when is it? next friday hmmmm maybe send me an invite #2 we lining up some party favors ahh i see lol do you think your friend could help us out? hmm i dunno maybe ill find out :-) thanks chief it's going to be a huge party so we're pulling from everybody we know awesome yeah super fun all night dingding! i wouldnt be able to stay too late cause i work on sat morning dammit! still on the phone i gotta run collin and i are going to the movies woot! talk to ya later poke poke I think we're all set for the party. I hope you and Colin can drop by. It's going to be off the hinges. heya sorry i was downstairs i forgot i was online PPPP PSPP pappa smurf is popping pills! pills or supposetories? a little bit of column 'a' and a little bit of column 'b' OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD he shoots HE SCORES woosh! [nothingbutnet] plunk scat with me! skippity bop dop doo wah diggitydiggitydiggitydiggitydiggity doo! skitly dat doo bop shop shana nana naahh shoop shoop sha daubydauby skeet deet deetle eat beat dap a doo wap shap did you ever hear of the book the alturist? whataboutit im going to a movie premiere tongith its based on that book some indie film this woman who used to work at my salon is in it ritz ha ! is it at the Ritz? umm im not sure? lol its in vorhees? i forget the name of the theatre i know where it is it might be the ritz we're going to see Ali G: the movie tonight i think but listen i'm going out for coffee enjoy the show! you too! "County health officials are having trouble finding a TV station willing to air a public service announcement about syphilis that employs a lumpy, red cartoon character named ""Phil the Sore."" Los Angeles-area broadcasters said the ad is in poor taste, but the county health agency said it is simply trying to reach gay men - the group at greatest risk of getting the sexually transmitted disease, which has been on the rise in recent years." lo. howdy i wanna see what lumpy the sore looks like as do i waaah i have work tommorrow :-( yoink shock therapy is tonight! i wish i could go whereat? tribecca i finally went to Wed night at Shampoo last week tonights theme is military fetish oh ya? mmmmmm howd you like that? sounds like FUN it was aight wait! upstairs was crazy packed last week as in the day before thanksgiving?/ downstairs there weren't that many ppl who were dressed up yes ahh omg! i was there! oh yes? yes! i had orange hair were you upstairs or downstairs? both i was in all white and my bf had on my black feather sash and a purplish skirt hmm i dont think i saw you guys easy to miss so many fucking ppl collin had on a black shirt with a yellow slash through it he had a lighining bolt on his face near his eye did you get picturesA? no :-( i think somebody might have gotten us at Transit later on but don't know for sure i had on an orange dinosaur sleeveless hoodie thats cool heh! i really want to check out a shock therapy i love the photos i think it would be a lot of fun i like sagas music i think Andy would like Saga too hes great he plays really good mixes do you know where to download any? im good friends with his brother and sister nopers :-( i havent downloaded music really i thought you quit talking to his brother? i did ive seen him here and there though we still have all the same friends i hate to hear that about ppl bu t to each i think mike's got a website but hes stopped talking to me cause he got a boyfriend :-P that's weird good for him tho have to take Andy's temperature aww sick? flu brb k i think a rotisserie is just a really morbid ferris wheel for chickens what we need is a rotisserie for hamsters mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm hamster minipig like lemming but tender hahahaha raaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwrrrrrr is that your best MGM Lion? are we about to launch into Priscilla Queen of the Desert? RAAAWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR or is that your best Eartha Kitt? haha MEOW muthafucka whats up i am doing very litt le not tired haha me too but not interested in doing much i took percocets good idea i haven't seen those in ages i thoguht so we now have ten planets aren't you excited what? somebody found a new planet where? past pluto does it orbit around the sun? yes theres been other planets discovered before past pluto too small for planets but they didnt orbit around our sun this one is the size of pluto and it orbits do ya have a link where i can read more about it? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/3511678.stm cool did you hear about they discovered where other life would be if there is life out there nope where is it? like planets that have been around long enough to make life and they are older than us ahh Aliens in Our Galaxy? Experts Map Possible Hotbeds#main neat i smell a pirate tell him to try crest white strips whats cooler than being cool ICE COLD hmmm im listening to outkast and how is outkast doing today? hes singin the bluuuuuuuuuuuuuees what's the different between a pica and a point? hmmmmmmmmmmmm well "other than the ""p"" and the "" i "" they seem very unsimilar" they are i think they fight a lot pica used to be a longer word... till point knocked some letters out what we need is marriage counseling marriage! i wanted to go to la with my friend krystal and get married but we found tina instead and i've been married to that bitch for ages HAHA sashay shawntee im married to maryjane sashay sashay shawntee BUT i have affairs now and then hahaha i'll never tell it took me a min to realize what you were typing i'm in the bath did you know htat? now i do :-) it's true i'm in the bath but my hair is dry thank heavens for shower caps i'm in the bath and i'm hungry like a wolf my name is rio and i dance on the sand ELECTRIC -MARKERELLA i need that song like now which? my fav durran durran song is electric barberella first things first it's a movie too o0o0o duran duran rocks my box what to do with the ambiguously straight boy get him drunk good plan :-) this song is delicious oh boooooooo this ones better i started sending you the first one already the first one? i got out of th ebath the first song that i said is delicious but i like the song thats on now better outkasto? nah the first one is De-Vision dj something remix this song on now is the way i live my life (count to infinity mix) by forgiving iris Oooooo spanks!@ :) :-D ill send ya the other one too sweet brb ok back time for lunchipie yaaaaay i made a song about lunch up* belt it sista its to the tune of a song from Hedwig which one? the origin of love ooo i have that song when the earth was still flat and the clouds made of fire and the mountains streached up the the sky sometimes iiiiiiiiiiiiiii the folks roamed the earth like sausage and eggs they had two sets of sausages they had two sets of eggs jajajajaaaaa something something with and big glass of OJ perring down at them that was befoooooooooore the origin of lunch HA BRILLIANT haha OH WAIT NO you gotta see this!!!! \ Squizzle.com | Flash Stuff :: End of the World hahaJAAAAAA :-D alaska can come too i'm sending that to my friends :-D its so great ive figured out how im gonna quit smoking ciggarettes everytime i get an urge ill smoke up good plan 6 mins! 6 minutes until liftoff? *nods* put on your gas masks! i wear mine all the time cause im oh so industrial i wear mine as a sign a protest against unruly polar bears POLAR BEARS!! my boyfriend and i do polar bear fight unruly ones we open our mouths really wide and pretend to fight like polar bears jej like slap each other? with paws and roar and then hump like polar bunnies kinda bite at each others faces if i had a nickle for every camwhore that imed me id HAVE my tattoo by now tell them to send you a nickel what's a camwhore? JennyCAMwhore has sent you an instant message aH sent whooo hoo download and delte it so i can send ya the other song which addy did you send it to? qbit qubit? yes :-) k it may take a minute to get here cuz my server was down this morning ok lemme know and ill send the other yuppers "ok, i see it" it's coming down now yaay got it wheeeeee thanks! :) anytime :-D lemme know if ya like it this part is good it sounds like those other dudes that you sent me that i liked VNV Nation or smthing male vocals are hard to pull off in trance but this is pretty good i like the back track thing the symphony part right that part is great vnv nation is a little more gothier well theyre really gothy lol this next song is better did you delete that email so theres room yup yaaaay this song is better i usually dont like this band BUT i really like the band that remixes the song great count to infinity theyre electro electro is my new music of choice oh yes? i'm replacing all of my music *nod* miss kitten and ladytron is where its at i'll put that on my list and freezepop mmmmmmmm sweeet sweeet freezepop sittin on the dock of the bay is that a freezepop song? lol no i its ottis redding OH rihgt not freezepop freezepop has some good songs like bike theif TDJ 7 boom melody thats a vengaboys cover stakeout is really good ah ah ah i need you TWO OF HEARTS two hearts that speak as ooooone hahaha i LOVE that song its got an oh so funky beat that takes me back wheeeeeee back to the days when 80s music was new there was an 80s party at Fluid on friday app we didn't get enough lol i love 80s clubs fun people come it gives me a chance to wear my yellow belt haha yaaaaaay 5 mins! our father who art in heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven were outside the system oh hey check it out ding ding!! how do ya like that one? i like the end wheee i wanna go out as a tacky latin drag queen for halloween "who needs halloween, this afternoon would be great" haha ive got a shitload of costume like clothes lol various male and female wigs leftover from theatre school my friends come over and fuck with them all the time lol short pink miniskirts ANYONE could go in my closet and find something to wear lol if you can find anything at all lol its a huge mess ooo digging for treasure arrrr my friend lisa comes over a lot for props and costumes shes a photography major imma gonna send you a song fun stuff i gotta go cut my friends hair brb k "*WHAM* *CRASH* *BOOM*" HOPPY EASTER EVERYBUNNY "i shot the sherriff, but i didn't shoot that deputy" http://www.davidpbrown.co.uk/optical-illusions/graphics/continuous-motion.jpeg http://bigmuscle.com/profile.phtml?uid=48543&me=newsearchresults.phtml&ls=80 *slurp* mmhn heya hi whats up?> werkin on my website what's up wit you o0o0o fun stuff not too much searching for dead aim watsat? its super aim ahhh JDennis.net - Welcome brb gotta take out trash k "*WHAM* *CRASH* *BOOM*" back welcome back :-) i got a shit ton of music today awesome from where? soulseek downloading o0o0o neato ilblissli: oh no! yowza is he your friend? lol no he was linked on some website without his permission omg this must be the super awesome extravaganza?! ahhh that's one creative kitty and how heya hi whats up? still working what's up with you boooooooo listening to music really gothy music right now *slits wrists* ilblissli: oh no! did i send you that? :-D yup Subservient Chicken the egyptian cat you didnt see that! type fly or dance i have fuck YOU! haha :-P it was made by barbarian group whose that http://www.barbariangroup.com/v2/indexFlash.html o0o0o swanky pretty howdy hi whats up? i'm at Moby's Tea Shop on the Lower East Side what's up with you? o0o0o fun stuff not much just woke up in paaaaaaaaaaaaaain lol from? i got an industrial industrial? it hurts for a little when i first wake up piercing sorry what is it that's pierced? ear http://www.warriorpiercing.com/Industrial1.jpg riight neat :-D i like those but listen i've got to bounce i'll catch up with you later have fun :-) YOU! ME! YEWWWWWWW! musicplasma : the music visual search engine haha youll like that site :- :-D oh hey neat isnt it?\ when you hover over an orb it makes your atom looking thing bigger thanks for the link *yawn* anytime :-) my ear hurts a lot when i first wake up get a hammer and break your finger hahahaha and then your ear won't hurt anymore good thinkin like when swimmers bite their tounge when they get leg cramps and they dont wanna die what you doin today wooooooooooooork whommmp whommmmmmmmmp how about you? this right here maybe work outside today thats fun i gotta work like alllllllllllllllllll week my boss is on vacation i'm on permanent vacation lol did you quit? NONO i just get paid to be on vacation HEH lol it's grand yaaaaaay im going to six flags sunday! eeeeeeeeeee! no shiza for with? and *maybe* a carnival sometime this week going with collin and two of my friends colin is bf? the carnival is in woodbury heights actually ya same one what happens at carnival? evil clowns abduct small children and turn them into evil clowns eeeeeeeeee! get out your evil clown costume.... theyll be ripe for the pickin' that would be what i wore to the club on Sunday hahaha complete with pignose AH! hahaha what club? The Park neato most hot guys in one place evar lol seriously where is the park? Lower Manhattan o0o0o thats cool yes was good weekend berry berry awesome! i attempted to go to la tazza in philly that didnt work for why? cause im not 21 whomppp whommmmmmp til when 5-Oct 2006 AWWWw lol nah this year you need fake im kidding :-P ill be 21 soon we went with my friends brother mike saga who was djing there ooo i know him Mike no get you in? Dr octipus was with us too! and we couldnt get in MEH whommmmp whoommmmmp i think if i had flirted with octipus he woulda gotten me in BUT i wasnt about to do that his freako boyfriend was all over me who is dr octopus? hes a dj saga works for him a cute dj with a cute bf? i believe dr o wasnt all that bad must find picture his boyfriend isnt lol his boyfriend was this little cybergoth awwww and when we first got in the car i thought he was a she cause he had yarn hair in and his makeup oh god his makeup was horrid! HAha he had black lipstick around his eyes Oh my like in little lines it looked neat BUT he should have opted for something other than black lipstick cause it smeared all over his face and no one told him his name was mark too and he kept hitting on me man over and over old was he? with collin right there id say 17 his id says '21 old was Dr Octopus? *shrugs* at least late 20s EW sorry but 17 is hes been djing a while cradle robbing eh i dont think 17 is all that bad oh my wait until you're my age lol 17 would be fun for like a DAY at most hahahaha something to rub lotion on beyond then they get annoying have to duct tape mouth HAHAHA YES ya i ususally date older i always date younger so far when i dated of course "now that I""m monk" no date needed lol ive never dated anyone younger than me mostly because im 20... right by the by i ran into im sure i will eventually the first boy i ever fucked with at the door to the club in New York hahaha COMPLETELY RANDOM we were 12 maybe ahhh haven't seen him since how did that go? What the Holy Fuck scared the shit out of me but i didn't tell him i just walked in with smirk on face lol o god im so bored i was gonna go in early today and get a haircut but now i have to wait till this thing heals im gonna lay down again for a bit ill be back :-) k "i that sense feels theres like something tragedys in at the hand wind" heya hi heya what's up making a cd how bout chu? put in the air conditioner eeeeeeeee! awesome! yeah i'm over it too hungover to be hot as balls haha you know that song lets come together right now oh yea lets come together right now over me in sweet harmony the beatles? *shrugs* im not sure i think so... "the beatles have a song called ""Come Together" but maybe not the one you're thiking of yea i know im trying to remember theirs i have it somewhere on my comp im listening to electronic covers of queen songs yeeeeeeeeeeeeeehooooooooooooooo heh freddy mercury could belt a tune oh yeaaaaaa feddy was the man freddy still is the man allllllllllllllllllllllll we hear is radio GAGA radio GOOGOO brb gonna burn this cd k heya hi whats up? just working you? smokin a bowl waiting for my stacker to kick in haha stacker? theyre energy pills they make you super speedy i have a lot of chores to do Ohhh AND i waked and baked so i need the energy right you have the day off? :-) ya were closed mon right eeeeee! draculas ball is this sat i wanna go where is it at? shampoo 15 at the door i think i'm going to fall off the face this weekend dont forget a parachute :-) you got it ((i smell cheese)) femunda eat my bermuda triangle! :-(:-!:-$:-[:-) the evolution of the smile heh or the downfall of the frown yo what is up not much i think i have friends coming over cool what's up with you "friends or ""friends" lol nothing hanging at home friends. we're going to edit some video cool video of? music video cool so bud was gonna ask if you had anymore pics? a few it cool if I see em? have any to send back? yeah sure we can show em on aim MY FRIEND TONY HAS BROKEN MY HEART:'( LOL good lord if you only knew my cell phone went MIA the night that we talked to each other and i didn't get it back until tuesday i didn't have john's number i didn't have your number i tried for a day and a half to get them using my Sister of all people WELL I HATE I DIDNT GET TO SEE YOU "yeah, it sucked the fat one" very frustrating did you call my cell and leave your number? NO - I SHOULD HAVE BUT JOHN TOLD ME YOU DIDNT HAVE YOUR PHONE AND THEN HE SAID YOU WERE GOING OUT TO DINNER WITH YOUR MOM SO I KNEW YOU HAD ALOT GOING ON "well, call anyways so i have it" I WILL- I HATE JOHN HAD TO INVITE HIS G FRIEND ON SAT OR I WOULD HAVE COME THAT NIGHT "eh, you may not have enjoyed it that much" it was pretty drrty WHY WHAT HAPPENED "nothing in particular, just a lot of partying" DRRTY PARTYING? depends on your definition DID YOU HAVE TIME TO TALK TO JOHN ANY? some i got to fucked up to say much after a while DOES HE SEEM LIKE HE IS OK? "yup, i think he's happier than he has been in a long while" still broken but .. better GOOD I JUST WANT HIM TO BE HAPPY- HE NEEDS TO REALLY FIND HIMSELF he'll get there NOT WHAT OTHERS WANT HIM TO BE- I JUST WORRY HE WILL LOSE EVERYTHING HE HAS WORKED HARD FOR BUT THATS LIFE yeah FULL OF LESSONS "DOES HE TREAT ""SALLY"" GOOD?" she treats him well HE WASNT VERY NICE TO HER THE NIGHT I MET HER OR RAN INTO HER i didn't really notice she was quiet I TOLD HIM NOT TO BE HATEFUL LOL i don't think he is GOOD I HEARD YOU GOT THROUGH WITH YOUR PAPER!! yup i got an A AWESOME i'm done with school TONY THAT IS SO GREAT SO WHAT NOW? i'm going to stay put for a while YOU SHOULD- SO YOU LIKE IT WHERE YOU ARE NOW? yup i've got a good life i'm not going to change it much right now listen darling i'm going to lay down for a minute before Maria gets here i'll catch up with you later take care YOU TOO HEY MY # IS 865 659 2407 PUT THAT IN YOUR PHONE MARIA?? yup a great friend we're going shopping AWESOME- WELL HAVE FUN k laters I WILL TALK TO YOU LATER BYE 8-) hi whats up was about to go to sleep what up with you tryin to fall asleep what have you tried so far "coffee, redbull, poppers" i'd say tina is next huh bn nm i havent slept with her ?? :-P hey wassup not much i just woke up eh im passed out wOOt from? party where at here asat home you had a party at your house? obviously wasup this is better yeah i think so too u got more pics to trade imri yes :) hi :) who be u? Mikee heeeeeey! hi are you busy at the moment? "actually, never mind. we can talk about it later" "Wells Fargo just called you, btw" your order at Image Graphics is ready werd to Big Bird you home all day? pretty much. going to run down to south st in about an hour to pick up last minute shiza try not to get raped :-! oh i hope i do! it'll make the costume so much more REAL! ewww sucks that its raining aye we just noticed Maria home too? "If she is, can you ask her to take the legs off of her big table? I'll bring it downstairs when I get home. We'll just keep the smaller table in the kitchen :)" she doesn't know how to do it. i'll take a look at it today. ok no worries it's going to rain tonight. do you still want to put the keg out back? hmm yes. I'll move the weight set to the basement we'll kepp it under the overhang gotcha wish we had a tarp people have to smoke outside! oh shit TRUE I don't think Maria should allow cig smoking in her room the whole upstairs will stinky bad tell her that when she gets home oh ok do you wanna help me with lighting later? "I have some colored bulbs, not sure how many of them work" but I'll go to the store and pick some up maybe have different colors for the hallway lights and stuff "sure, fun!" alright then oh la la aye aye errr ah hey thurr what's up chieftan? nada werkin did Wes sleep over last night? no fucking idea i don't think so though ifi had to take a gues was he here? I got home this morning and was getting ready to go to work it was prolly around 10 and Wes walks out of Maria's room and starts telling me about his post! I'm like... uh gotta go to work LOL :o Imri i'm going to be really pissed if he did I think he did- he looked like he just woke up and then I think they got in the shower :( right? very ok I don't even know what to think "I hope I didn't make Maria feel bad last night about ""ruining his life"" and she got back w/ him out of guilt" fucking Nuts she might have i am going to be SO PISSED if she did ok i've got a few things going on right now I was NOT trying to influence her dude don't worry about it it's her fucking stupid ass addiction and I DEFINITELY did not want her to get back with him big mistake oh man one second i'm going upstairs k brb back ok they're not getting back together details later LOL *phew* Imri yes! Nevermind! :) i got the answer i wanted ok fanks :B whachoodoin for holiday? jerz and then back here you got plans? yeah goin to my aunts in Doylestown spinning on Wednesday night tho i think andy and i are planning to go to that is there a list of some sort? "yes, I gotchoo!" Fanks save 10 bucks awesome i was in Doylestown yesterday nice place yeah it really is quiet little american town reminds me of Walnut Creek out east of San Francisco its turning suburban tho :( put up the fences ! so Mike + Andy for the list? please and thank you let me know if theres anyone else I gots unlimited oke doke i was thinking we should have "a nice dinner here with just the four of us, and maybe decorate a little for xmas" sometime next month yes man! chestnuts open fire lez do it ok i'll tell maria and al we need a screen for the fireplace we can make one out of tin foil! wait :( chicken wire? nah i'll keep thiking heheh mmmmkay we need to get that big table out of the living room i think so too good luck telling Maria that unless we put a little tree on it i want a tree! with lights! and tinsel! and kittens! yeah and stockings on the firplace stockings! funny lookin ones with stripes and tassles and kittens! hah puppies are better puppies are better but they don't eat tinsel much anyway and then poop it out in cute little piles get the floppy ear ones Andy's friend Kurt has a hush puppy named Geech that is SO CUTE opps gotta go! ttyl ok laters hey imri its maria do you have a second? yep i wanted to know why the cable guy is coming because I am having internet problems hence me being on mikee's computer but it might be my apple :( "yes, he should be coming today between 4:30 and 6:30" they cancelled the appointment yesterday O? what was it for again? which was upsetting since I left my family function early to be home for that :( sucks sorry we are not getting a signal oh I complained and they said we'll be credited for a week "I sent a PM to you Mikee ans Al baout some other stuff, did u get it?" sorry can't type today yup only just now because I can't check my email I'm on mikee's see? right i'll be around tonight and tomorrow night to clean the basement I started with my shit already Imri ok will u be home today 4:30-6:30? prolly do I need to be? umm... not sure if I'll be home until like 5:45 gotta work late a littel "well how were you going to meet the cable guy, then?" did you ask anyone else? I'm sorry you have to work late if no one lese would be home then I would have to come home early and be there by 4:45 oh I see "well if you asked, then I could've been home" but I'll stay home from 4:30 to 6:30pm that's fine great. thats why I'm asking :) I'll call comcast to make sure the muthafucka will be there! cool imri "also, what about the dryer and the sink" did you read my PM? I did but it didn't say when they were sending someone out just not to use drano at all :-/ I have one other question ... if you have time they didn't say when ok I imagine the plumber guy will be today kool they are usually pretty good about it I'll write work and tell them someone could have called them over the weekend even "I am ""working from home" oh there's an emergency service thing its on the greeting when u call levin wasn't home much sorry the dud lives pretty close I think didn't know til last night (for next time) word...I remember from the flooding :) I told them the dryer is not an emergency but the sink is roight kool I'm hoping to have the basement cleaned by the time Levin comes by to inspect the dryer no worries plyers working fine for now shouln't be too bad "when I go down there I will be wearing a facemask, rubber gloves and goggles" I'll look funny why? its not that bad allergic to mold and mildew most of the shit's not ours "and also, the dust" mee too...but I'll be strapping on my balls... ;) and the mouse turds SERIOUSLY nasty deiseases noi joke i know but I have one more question shoot if I haven't signed the rider yet am I still bound for a year? to the lease? There is an implied lease. ok a verbal agreement so I would be bound til august but this is something we need to talk about and I don't want to get into it without Al a verbal with levin? ok sure thanks "I paid my portion of the leftover extra bill to levin, so now its just on Al" kool "because if you think I'm not bound, and I can find someone to move in" I think I might move out but we can talk about that tonight well that makes 3 of us awww sad you ready to move "and Al too, eh?" As has wanted to move out for bit now al yes I know he does not feel comfortable atr his own house since u guys hate teri ok sure I gotta go later I don't want to be accused of someone else's perception Jem!!! yaaaaay maria gave :) http://www.gamerah.com/noticias.php?bias=180#180 Imri! hey where is your cable box at? little shelf thing w/ the vcr & dvd player on it ok between my desk & the turntables will put the new one there :D on demand!!! cant wait to catch up thanks homie np laters what's up "nothing much chillen for a minutre before work have to leave in like 10 minutes, dont wanna go at all" you got more pics? yup where do you work? waiting tsables at a cosi ha maybe i'll come steal you on your break lol i dont get breake s not even for a cigarette and a blowjob? lol which cosi is it? maybe i'll come spy on you "naw well have to chat more, lol" "lol, not the suburban one" aww but there are so many to choose from there's one in my building "lol, no way" oh duh 15th and locist? 12th and walnut? "well hey i gotta goto work soon, email me some more pics bro :)" ok chief take it easy u2 nite ok :-) :-) i swear not one more question ;-) lol i like to be probed no worries back :-) u have email i wanna send ya something voxel@neocyde.net sent i found that realy funny cause i just spent the day with my aunt who has demntia and that is how she is good LOR D LOL "seriously, your aunt?" that wasn't my aunt she must be fun but my aunt has dementia its sad but funny i had lunch with her all day she is going to give me power of attorney over everythign since she is slipping so bad but it was an emotional day so to get that it really cracked me up intense i've had a few people in my family go south "they gave my great aunt shock therapy, but that was years and years ago" how that work "not at all, from what i know" do you like animals? have two pugs awww! do you have roommates? 1 roomate he rents the second bedroom from me you've bought your house? yes about about a year and a half ago "oh my lord, i have mad respect for that" fuck this renting crap all of my smart friends are putting together down payments right now yeah i saved up for a few years to do it i'm just at the beginning of that. the school still has me by the balls mine does now it didn't then lol where do you attend? i went to widener for my undergrad in poliitical science then kept going and got my masters of public administration there then went to temple and go my masters in financne nice it seems that it's worked well for you it did but loan deferrment is a nice thing until it kicks in lol boy don't i know i took mine in the middle of my junior year to spend a semester in san francisco and then i took more time off when i lived in honolulu so i've been paying for two years already and i just got my degree "i walked in 2001, but it took me till this year to finish my thesis" wow hey you know what? i think this would be more fun face to face i think you're someone i would enjoy beyond the whole electronic experience well i will take that as a compliment :-) "please do, it's not an easy thing to phrase" what time u normally go to pure "wow, normally i'm sideways and it's about 2:30. i really wanted to go earlier tonight, but since my roommates are throwing discobotz, i'm tied up in the northern libs for most of the night" what time is best to go? 2ish that is why i normally don't make it :-( heh what's a typical night out for you? im old home by 1 or 2 a very good night 3:30 after pure tonight that may happen though cause i am so tire tired so i know i iwll nap tongiht which will make me wide awake later then there's hope lol "seriously, i should be napping now" tough to fall asleep though i know i am on like my 4th martinit trying to knock myself out sweet mmm can u hold for 3 min phone sure sorry 2 more min :) ugh mothers can u be patient like the buddha i'm looking at some art ok speaking of which i should call mine ugh done :-0 :-0 :-) how's mom? she was asking me about my aunt it's your mother's sister? no great aunt my dad's aunt she is 72 young yeah yound with dementia that sucks she has to write everything down or she forgets "ha, i think i might have dementia" my father's wife's mother has decended into dante's hell i got the third hand of her story i wonder sometimes if it's unavoidable i think it might be in a way it's a blessing as it sets in why "i suppose it varies by agent, but the points to which we regress to are often ones that were the happiest in our lives" "from what i understand one's reality takes on those ideas, and though the witnesses are often confused, when left alone the mind is resting at peace" oh ok i don't really take an orthodox point of view when it comes to psychology 'got ya "it's a nice rationalization anyway, for such an extraordinary thing" how do the martinis go? doing well :-) what kind of gin do you use? thanks ew no gin vodka grey goose toniht not a fan of gin? i'm partial to scotch no not at all i love vodka never did scotch was that too forward a thing to say? no why im confused why would that be to forward i wonder if i don't make sense sometimes. often people fade on me when i get into mysticisms what the hell are they and what is Voyeurism voyeurism is the enjoyment of watching people fuck oh ok thank you mysticism is my choice of word to describe observation or rhetoric u have any more pics used just now for the first and last time sure with long hair really i'm sitting here trying to decide what to wear tonight :-) go bude nude u'll get attention that way ;-) only if we go as a pair ok we'll get dressed here ;-) http://neocyde.net/hair.jpg that's an offer i won't refuse said page can't be found http://neocyde.net/hair.jpeg http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg ilove the hair if i didn't say that already lol thanks you're welcome to play with it whenever you like thanks i would like that it's up to you to let me know when though. i an immediate person planning went the way of the dodo lol i would say now if i wasn't so drunk and tired :-) http://neocyde.net/wine.jpg "well, that's basically what you have to say" "just say ""now" whenever now would be great and drunk doesn't bother me but tired i understand by the by do you have other pics yourself? yes but too laxy to get them that is why i put like 8 on manhunt that's why i didn't really ask until now lol really i just am lazy i figured hell 8 is enough http://neocyde.net/better.jpg ok that's pretty much it the others you've seen how much u way wiegh 100 ;-) ha between 135 and 145.. i haven't seen a scale in a while on the light side if anything i'm usually around 140 oh ok i normally don't like peopel above 90 lbs ;-) ha kidding then you would love my first bf u dont' have face pic with long hari and smiling u never smile ha that's what my sister says all the time http://neocyde.net/art/small_wonder wait http://neocyde.net/art/small_wonder.html that's him page can't be found i guess u don't smiel fuck all i do smile wait http://neocyde.net/face2.jpg aw u have teeth http://neocyde.net/art/smallwonder.html thats scary ha he was a scary person http://neocyde.net/art/face.html dammit page not found http://neocyde.net/art/head.html now that's scary i can never remember where i put them yeah ur crazy http://neocyde.net/art/figment.html second bf lol so when u going out tonight probably in a few hours you? i need to nap u gonna give me a massage first :-) i will nap better lol ;-0 ;-) my pleasure yippee what time will ya get here ;-) where is your house? 18th and motrose montrose? christain oh you're in south phil same thin g half block from each other let's see half an hour prob i have absolutely nothing on right now lol neither do i "well, you just stay that way, it will save time" lol i just said a massge u smoke have you ever had energy work? cigerrettes that is not often not recently how about that anyway you would pick me up a pack of parliment lights i am out if not i cna go get them i'll get them ok so 8:40 latest right and i don't get mad because im drunk u dn't dont' what's your number? 215-808-5785 I'm mikee bobby 1801 motrose in between christain and washington got ya i'll dress and leave in 5 ok 8:40 latest get lost call bye hi there hello big tori fan? aye ive been saying hi to all the penn tori people cos im a huge one facebook ahh she's my bitch shes my goddess what a lovely one to hav e so the facebook actually works indeed sorta made new friends? got a date out of it so far and a couple random people i talk to i think it would have helped my freshman year considerably however i just discovered it you are the first so congratulations for popping that cherry hehe do you go to shows etc? i went to the last one she had in camden mm me too! i cried LOL me too! not the red baron and time i was a big ol mess lol did you go with friends? umm i took a boy i was dating at the time all my friends think im nuts with my tori obsession not many are really into her um sorry to say but she's maybe the best living musician she is the best living musician and a great thinker of our time lol many times way over my head and that's saying something whenever i listen i always get more out of it and i go out and read books bc of her music bc i want to to have a deeper understanding its such involving music the camden boot isnt out but when it comes out i will let you know altho i have the 02 show if you went to that hey thanks i would enjoy that i just discovered a few the other day but to now my collection has been mostly studio limited i think i have frankfurt i have a big stack toritraders.com you can ge full shows sweet what else interests you? hmm good books andrew nicchol screenplays books by chcuk palahniuk and tim obrien i was ruined by salmun rushdie palanuik has been on my list although i don't know which to pick up first umm fight club is fabulos as it lullaby as *is lullaby choke is wierd I partial to Irvine Welsh but good Yes i remember being clued into that at some point i thought diary was extremely awesome that's the one i'll put on my list do you like to dance ? i do! im not very good but i love to do it esp swing or go go dancing downtown what clubs to do you hit? i look woodys like and im supposed to get myself down to pure eventually hah a i have the same sentiment although woodys is a rarity for me as well what year are you? soph im jamie btw Mikee It's a pleasure were you out when you came to Penn? hmm well im bi so its easier i can sorta play both sides but generally yes my parents dont know just bc ive never had a significant enough relationship with same sex to warrant my father hating me and the lesbian/bi girl pop at penn LOL is sig lacking awww TRUE it was pretty bad for q's there were many guys who well yeah .. meh hate people heh do you enjoy it? penn? overall sometimes hate it sometimes i love it sorta depends im commuting right now so im bored as fuck mostly just want june to roll around so i can get back on campus ahhh i commuted as well for the last semester perhaps have you grad'ed? no more classes i turned in my thesis in Feb oh wow congrats thanks i hope that's it LOL mba student? undergrad Wharton oh ok independent study i sitll got some time TRUE take advantage of it planning to summer classes etc Penn is full of classes that shouldn't fit in your schedule but are more than worth the time i was part time this sem cos i was sick ooo recommend me some History 430 was amazing if i had to do it again i would take some DMD classes um there was an ecomm class that i really enjoyed ive heard childers is great but i don't know if it's offered he is it's worth the story telling hmm right now i have my classes set but perhaps i will get one in in the spring i was thinking of taking 431 anyway so maybe 430 consider it so i'm headed down to a coffee house oo have fun! thanks for finding me i've put you on my list "yeah, i will let uyou know if camden comes out" cool enjoy your night you too byebye Jeffrey WHATUP this day is turning over right this moment is that a good thing? i just got back form running and am seeing what my job net has caught today it is a good thing forgetting everything that happened up to now going out tonight and having fun Grandmaster Flash and Biz Marquee fo free what happened up to now? grandmaster flash should be fun. hope so lots of friends are going lost my wallet bank lost my loan application bank assistants are rude bitches ouch. "well, i don't have that problem these days, as i don't have any money." oh there was maybe two dollars in it "well, i've got $17, but i can't even get that from an ATM." ha yeah but my TN license with the motorcycle endoresement is going to be interesting to replace w/e i need to move to jersey legally anyway you moving outta philly? nah just for the purposes of my business gotcha. i've been in jersey over the weekend don't get on this thing much anymore suprisingly it keeps making popups appear on my screen. i want to nuke the fucker iChat? aol IM ew are you on your PC? yeah i think there's a way to stop that there are. i'm lazy spend most of my time trying to tweak my linux os now ever heard of Sun Ra? yeah took lots of acid jazz musician from saturn bingo going to see his flick tomorrow "Space is the Place" there you go. i recommend copious gb's beforehand this is what i need at this very moment unfortunately burciago lost his phone "yeah, i heard he got f'in wrecked a couple of nights back" you had to take him home or something uh yes wrecked is perhaps an understatement he was like that when i was a senior. he was like that freshman year Dan Frank used to find him naked in the bushes of the quad "that's how i got to know him. rinser dan, head in the can." HA rinsed philly stylez "yeah, i guess. no more of that for me." only 'cause i can't afford it. "can't afford my damned rent, but i'm def going to try to get wasted" f'ing bullshit all damned day hmmm.... article on news.bbc.co.uk about cannabis and psychotic episodes. fun ones? dunno. just says that frequent usage as a young adult increases likelyhood of such things later in life. then it follows with this gem "...the effect was much stronger in those with a predisposition for psychosis." LOL aye LOL ahhhhh where's the bong? "you had a nice one sophmore year, but if i recall, it broke." that was a nice one put me on me arse no shit. did wonders for my gpa brb what's brb mean be right back phone for imri you been on Splinter Cell at all> ? a little here and there tired of getting waxed by 7 year olds want to get a game in? you guys play at all ever we could try ok let me take my pb downstairs my screen name is BARKING_SPYDER asshat "my ps2 is well away from my pc, so, i'll go start a game?" we can chat over the headset thingy k Eastern US "eastern us lobby, the one with 165" is your screen name mikee? Neocyde had to get the PS2 reconnected ok "is it NEOCYDE, all caps?" yeah i'll send you an invite k this fucking thing got to reset and try again what is it telling you? logged into the network won't let me log into NEOCYDE account trying to create a new account Cannot Access Ubi.conm try again later hmmmm.... are you behind a router? yes is it new? ok i'm on i'll go check lost my connection? wtf what happened? the connection was broken that sucks again you be the fucking mercenary are there fucking cheats to this game? ok no cheats on ps2 we can both play as spy and i'll show you what's up. is that possible?? some guy did that with me and it was a huge help i think so. ok i think that there's too many ppl trying to use the connection oh well what? going to have to play when none of these bitches are home i see. all of my roommates are using their computers i'll switch sides and we can give it a shot ok "actually," "keep hitting the switch sides button, so your name goes back and forth" i can hear you don't think you can hear me? shit there is a glitch or something like that which lets you play same team wrong equipment gothca what's up? got my ichat working now betta laptop next to ps2 "no mic, fucker" isn't there one on your ibook ? i'm SURE there is i'll have to check it out FUCK you killed me again>? how do you do it with just one shot? rhino charge wtf is that? "um, basically you start running forward and then hit x, and you sprint at the guy and crush his head with the but of your gun" it's great what button do you use to get behind someone and crack their neck>? accept this audio chat you there? HEY! not there. ok.. the livechat thing you showed me yesterday is the coolest thing i've seen in a while. this laptop is like a nextel phone LOL jeffrey turn up your speaker doesn't sound like my mic is wiorking wait i've had the wrong day programmed into my phone for a couple of weeks now. just realized i have to be at the airport in 25 minutes. fuck. how does that happen? typical jeffrey usually though it would involve some kind of night out this time you're just a fool where you goin? "yeah, i was just going to say. this one involved me." got to pick up my parents. oh my god get in the fucking car NOW see ya laters tell em i says HEY will do. what's in percocet? i think it's oxy or hydro-codone and a ton of acetaminophen ok oxycodone yeah why i took andy to the emergency room and they gave him percocet but i was looking at the ingredients and wondering if that's really what it was it's a bunch of tylenol with some good stuff. how is he doing? i think we hit rock bottom about an hour ago how so? every time he swallows he shifts three feet to the left sore throat? "the nurse said, ""it looks like a bomb went off in there" strep throat shit. they gave him a shot of peneccillin in the ass keeping him overnight? nah we're at his house he's never taken percs before so i'm watching him one more night they're good. take two lord knows "so, he'll be ok?" "strep, untreated can be pretty nasty" "i'm thinking yes, now" his fever got up to 104 jeebus he's pretty miserable 106 is the limit "yeah, i read up a lot last night" trying to decide when we should go it's really just very awesome that we're the only civilized nation without public healthcare after 12:30 on friday you're fucked until monday yup. "usually, fucked to the tune of A LOT of money." $350 for HUP "yeah, baby." now we're talkin' and guess who's paying for it? you. good guess i'm good like that. just wish there was a job which required such a talent. there is stock broker? you just a prone to getting kidnapped and beheaded ah. "yeah, i don't want that to happen." not so fun i have this thing about knives and necks at least my neck did you find your parents on time? "yeah, but it took an hour to get out of the parking lot and then i almost ran out of gas on the way home, so that took an hour as well, and, to get their bags, that took an hour just for the fuck of it." i hate the airport. i hate boston. always seem to have this urge to tell several hundred thousand people to go fuck themselves when i'm here abc news was saying the other day that the big dig leaks lol it leaks like a fucking block of swiss cheese hot it's how i like my tunnels. precisely the way i'd want to get to the airport in a tunnel under a bay that leaks so fun lanes closed do to flooding ALL THE TIME supposed to be a miracle travel eliminator tens of thousands of times worse now at the bargain basement price of 20B go Mass and counting $35 million is the latest repair price tag don't you wish you were a contractor? you have no idea. "tear it down, build it bigger, sell for 10X too much. do it again." five times per year. retire at 46 live in FLA no shit. cheap there too. albatross sized mosquitoes 2 miles in off the coast though. rednecks too. lots of rednecks "hornado, or, tornacaine bait." living in their not so mobile mobile homes i'm wondering what a massachusetts redneck is like henri LOL seriously no shit. "he came from a cucumber farm, three hours west of boston" he wasn't exactly my idea of a redneck "you gots to see it, back where it all began." BELIEVE ME. you've been there? yeah. "i watched two horses fuck, then kick the shit out of each other while his dad, who weighs 600 lbs chased a baby racoon around with a loaded shotgun." whoa it's a good time though sure i just had no idea this was part of his personality oh yeah. keeps that one under the cover of ivy league sophistication and a british wifey right and a ski lift HA! his own personal snow making god forbid he should ever figure out how what are you up to? trying to figure out a good way to toot my own horn on my resume. a profile/objective/summary to start the fucker off. "something i can add and remove a sentence or two, depending on what job is in question" at Wharton they told us Objectives are pointless "i think so too, but, it's not just an objective." "more of a profile, with a one sentence objectivish ending" international playboy seeking roguish employment "trying to incorporate ""social lubricant" asshat go work for your brother i hate this shit. yeah looking for a job blows goats "yeah, i could. $176/week blows bigger goats" so does applying for a business loan i need a $50k + job in the philly area gonzo does too then we can buy a block of apts. downtown and market them to spoiled penn dbags for LOTS of money then do it again and again i just read a blurb on /. that says that 50% of all IT jobs in the US are going the way of the dodo yeah. pretty much dude i always used to say that a monkey could do my job. "i'm in a house on 48th and Hazel right now, that's like two blocks off Baltimore" someone took it literally and is making indians do it instead "houses in this neighborhood sold for 80,000 about five years ago" same houses now selling for half million yup. university expansion will do that. that and scaring away the black ppl they go hand in hand it's actually really nice down here the houses are beautiful "black go south, property values go north" even for a half a mil split it into apartments.... oh there are whole buildings for sale down by rittenhouse i covet them "for what i was paying in rent, i could have got a $350K mortgage" that's nucking futs it's the source of my cynicism "not, of course, your overpriced and undervalued university degree" don't mention that while i'm looking for a job right now. we should have stolen that sceptre still can auction the fucker "for oh, say, 150K" back to the school "EBAY, just to taunt them." they'd never get it back LOL perfect i wouldn't let it happen. "to never have to see the president nancing around in that fucking gown, with that chain, and that thing" bastards all of them if i get that fucking loan i can pay them off and repress the whole experience i get a call per day from AES. it's a constant reminder. andy gets them every 15 minutes from Sallie Mae "they should just text me....""IT WASN'T WORTH IT" SALLIE MAE! ARGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! that's the government you know i couldn't care less at this point. "when i can afford it, moving to sweden" i think i might move to London within five years SOOOO essspensive yeah fun tho good schools "and, you'd probably get paid in pounds." not like the dollar is going to do anything for me "County health officials are having trouble finding a TV station willing to air a public service announcement about syphilis that employs a lumpy, red cartoon character named ""Phil the Sore." "well, if i had been getting paid in pounds for the last three years, ..................that's fucking awesome" second paragraph "Los Angeles-area broadcasters said the ad is in poor taste, but the county health agency said it is simply trying to reach gay men - the group at greatest risk of getting the sexually transmitted disease, which has been on the rise in recent years." http://www.sacbee.com/24hour/weird/story/1887154p-9818057c.html what's in poor taste? "the ad itself, who it is targeting, or what? were they going to air it during sesame street?\" i think they're referring to the idea of making a cartoon out of a pustule i wonder if he drips "well, they should show photos." that's nasty oh sure never you mind janet jackson's titty here's some photos of syphallis "photos, with a caption : DON'T BE FUCKIN' WITHOUT A COCK HAT." LOL bitches it would be the most effective campaign ever that might make the fcc spontaneously combust. better than the this is your brain on drugs eggs this is your brain on drugs: girl on toilet sameer's apt. ew fear and loathing ever see band of brothers one or two episodes very very good andy says hi hi andy feel better how's the perc? feelin............perky? "mmmhmmm" get a refill yeah that's in the blueprint band of brothers is amazing is it snowing yet? the part that i saw had show snow no. it's the last episode i think war is over. saw some snow episodes it's stephen spielberg right? yeah you got it on dvd? it's on the history channel. going to get the dvd no shit they just showed the whole think in succession. missed the first 7 episodes though. ridiculous some of it yeah true too that's the thing. it happened. happening think sand and lots of it "yeah, but back then, it really was about saving the world." "now, it's different." "plus, they didn't even have an army this time around" nothing to challenge our air force. fish in a barrel "true, and yet somehow it still sucks ass" WWII was totally different you're right part of the reason i want to do the germany thing to go be a Nazi? "that, and the place got flattened." all new stuff even a new Reichstag brand spankin' shiny new everything. fucking cheap plastic shit maybe. buildings that look like amoebas i trust the germans and their engineering prowess to make nice shit. amoebas are sweet. ha well then have i got a building for you must find it again Sean McBroom went to the University of Alabama where it so happens that DaimlerChrysler has some sort of plant got recruited worked for 5 years or so now works for UBS still in germany living like a fat hog partied his nuts off in college with a 4.0 because everyone was so fucking stupid paid for by the school i wish i had done that. at umass i want my damned money back ALL OF IT. bitches it can't be true that it isn't going to do anything for us. it just can't be. "i'm going to lose it if this job search thing becomes protracted and hopeless, and i have an ivy league degree." you won't lose "you'd think that such a thing alone, would warrant some interest in them talking to you." it's different that it used to be just to see if you're in idiot. the internet was maybe the worst thing that ever happened to HR what's different? besides HMOs "no, hr is the worst thing to happen to hr. stupid fucks." Ha nah they have geometrically more information to process now than they did before people anywhere could know about any job opening there's too much data for anyone to filter so none of it gets processed at all and it all happens through back channels i'd say there's less of a shot these days and that's a paradox yeah. i'm getting on the phone on monday to start finding these back channels. if you're coming off the street good idea and don't forget you can always go back to school "fuck the ""resumes@gofuckyourself.com"" route." yeah that's a dead end IMO NO way i'm ever paying to go back to school. it's got to be on someone else. unless you meant go back for career assistance. nope study get a PhD HAHAHA!!!! get hired by the university career idiot ok i'm out for now check you later word. asshat it's my birthday HAPPY BIRTHDAY! thanks :) feel older? refined HAHAH! and sore from work? old age or have you been hitting the gym? now that's pretty funny i know i made my computer look like it's running OS X pretty rad skin? skinned the bag out of it "then, downloaded objectdock" which is a pc version of the dock complete with dock impressive you're the perfect person to ask wish i could figure out how to make a screen shot alt print scren paste into photoshop hmmm... "i didn't like the object bar which i downloaded, so i kept a windows style toolbar at the bottom, put the dock at the top, loaded a sweet skin, voila" it even makes photoshop act in the floating window manner as it does in os x no shit alt printscreen didn't do shit "well dam,mit" i'll have to look into this. jeffrey yes what to do about a blood blister the size of a dime on the tip of my index finger bust that shit use a lighter and a pin or a knife or whatever remove the skin? NO! drain it don't pop it either hole will be too big and it will rip wtf without letting the underskin heal how about exacto knife? think of the dead skin as a band-aid that'll work typing with my middle fucking finger "can't hurt that much, or, maybe it can" neosporin? is it a blood blister from an impact or just general chaffing? yeah that's good stuff hurts whjen i press iy pinched iy with a jigsaw sucks. drain it. won't hurt as much put some ice on it too ugghhh. need more ram y thing is choking right now. buy a mac "have 3 firefox windows open, just opened photoshop, running AIM, excel, itunes and it's CHOKING right now" buy a g5 time for CVS a great place for all home surgery needs "got the screen shot thing to work. going to email you a clip, along with a copy of my resume, for layout advice/critique." you see those PS3 screenshots? cool YEAH BTW WTF dunno. "those could have been cutaways from gameplay, but still, what if they weren't....." i think they weren't i HOPE they weren' t does not bode well for the future of time management in my life LOL i mean i think they were here's why the leaves in the trees motivation for a high paying job and an HD projector i want the VR version VR? Virtual Reality brb brb ? be right back i'm gettin the lingo how do you drain it without popping it? two holes on opposite sides press sloowwwwwwwly ..once the holes are in it. you're a genius let it dry out and then put a little neosporin around the holes. no band aid until you have to work with tools again. k it's not going in the second side make it might not need the second hole if it drained out already check out the headlining story on engadget.com my new fav site do i have to get it all out of my finger not a necessity i should just leak out though it. it should just leak out. not i that didn't sound healthy "I, I have to press on it so it leaks out" if it works. just try not to tear the skin off it will hurt alot more where are you? back got most of it out covered in neo coolio you're not on your mac? am hmmm.... tried my pc mic from the ps2 said you were not compatible with the talk function of im\ heh? i wasn'? this was on the pc. aol im has a talk function may not work with ichat first of all did you sign off iChat? nope don't know if it matters let me switch to AIM see if it works back to ichat yes AIM sux brb goping to lay down otay "http://www.nokia.com/nokia/0,,47867,00.html" blood blister holiday today? all day thanks for the resume tweak. np just suggestions what's your take on the way these things should be presented? at what point doeswork experience become more important the educational background? wow. not awake yet ha eh on a resume if you turn the thing upside down it should be topheavy that works. what font did you use? Adobe Garamond i like the idea of the pdf attachment that was next on my list. thanks to the acrobat pro you gave me one of illustrator's native formats is PDF so i just built it there word is a terrible layout program no shit that took me two days to format yeah pain in the ass took a couple hours to redo have not worked with illustrator too much yet though. now's your chance "yeah, seeing as i'm so busy these days...." heh i think i'm going to march up to the front door of the market research/consulting firm i want to work at and force feed them a copy. today looks as good as any "fuckers haven't emailed me back yet, though i sent them a garbage draft" dude black hole yeah. sucks ass "though, i've received several calls from recruiting agencies based on what i posted on monster.com on monday" they aren't a bad option for getting into mega companies "start as a temp, if they likey, full time is your reward." sounds a bit slavish to me though. dude nepotism sounds easier Ha thing is the temp to full is for real a lot of the time you can get fucked but if you're good it can work out relaly well it's like the new interview process it's how most large companies do things these days basically have outsourced the interview process "have the service people screen the potential employees," give them a couple of months as a test plug them in or toss them out after that standard practice now not a bad thing to consider "yeah, but my fucking health insurance through cobra is $358/month" you still have it? yeah. but it's being paid with borrowed money now. it done cleaned my clock seriously folks insisted on it. that' slike a house payment no shit everything is like a house payment nowadays just don't have the house to show for it yet soon though soon heh i feel a shit coming on brb lol i'm calling bullshit on the flash based iPod how about the ibm takeover rumor? "bullshit too, they just got out of the desktop market" on the cheap OS X on ibm servers... you can do that anyway at least i think you should be able to "perhaps, but to have all of their stuff shipped with OS X" and get the rest of apple's stuff they could afford it sure the culture probably wouldn't mix very well perhaps apple phones? PDAs? both developed and never released for what turns out to be very smart thinking PDAs are dead i think they're stupid Phones are a commodity who the fuck has that much going on that they can't remember it on their own apple would have a shot in that market but not like the iPod "if you've got that much going on, get a secretary" that's why we have assistants the phone thing could be possible someone was claiming that phone based mp3 players could be the most serious competitior to the ipod in the future "and that's all fine and whatnot, but i want a ps3 NOW" http://engadget.com/entry/1234000113023000/ Apple experimented with WiFi iPods over three years ago they should take another look wifi is spreading like a rash the shit really works now i'd say the record companies nixed it 2-4 years away from being reintroduced "i was thinking about the possiblity of a wifi based, radio reciever." a streaming internet walkman so to speak fuck satellite radio fuck regular radio i want free shit with no commercials what's the diff? between what and what? sattelite and regular sattelite has no commercials right xm or sirius commercial free subscriber based something like 10 bucks a month plus cost of reciever in a city like philly soon to have wifi for all "why not build a walkman to tune into the streaming web radio stations that do the same thing as the satellite fuck faces, without the satellite and subscription part?" conceivably a PDA would do that yup or an iPod i though you said the wifi enabled ipod wasn't out yet it's not neither is city wide wifi right hotspots are everywhere though can 't drive down my street without finding a signal too annoying to walk down the street and lose the signal plus bandwidth would be incredible true. "however, the signal point i made was just an illustration that this shit is taking off like wild fire" a bunch of older morons like my parents are now able to figure it out just a matter of time how do your parents like it? can't live without it now. six months into the grand experiment they couldn "'t figure out how to fix any sort of problem, but..." with time it should work itself out "basically, i want to make the wifi walkman my patented idea." do it patents cost $100 to file i think get someone like sameer to shit out some r&d money and make it happen bury clear channel the fucks who ruined today's radio "my mp3 collection is respectable, but after working where it did, for as long as i did, doing what i did, i have come to realize how quickly you can get sick of 4000 songs" i'll bet someone has beaten me to the punch ha i know what you mean! probably 5 years ago or something and are going to make a killing It's a Sony what's a sony? did the japs take my idea? that's what the slogan was when the walkman came out "what, ""we're japs and we took your idea, make better.. FUCKYOU WHITEY" sounds like Microsoft it's a great business model you know what's a better business model? selling dope "the price per ounce of gold just recently eclipsed the max i paid for a zip, four years ago." and that's just with the green stuff ha that too discount retail every major fortune for the past 200 years has been in discount retail fucking Waltons are richer than God 20.8 billion a piece and there are five of them yup. assholes i was just typing that. "i see, your typing skills are better than mine." even with a gimp finger how'd that work out? what happened with andy? Andy is currently laid out in my bed upstairs. He gets up for maybe 45 minutes and then starts feeling like shit again. It's frustrating finger is now depressurized should put more neosporin on it will when i quit typing "yeah, don't get that shit in your keyboard" sucks ass when a button gets stuck in the downnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn position "alright, my attention defecit curing pot o' coffee has me fixated on reading crappy articles on crappy websites and playing with im too much" step away from the machine going to hit the showers and then try to track down a laser printer and some nice paper. laters cheers ttfn app frozew didn't get any of that uh... how is the PDF documentation for studio mx that came on the mac software cd you gave me? meh hmmm... i'll probably read it anyways burc has a great set of books i have a few ebooks. "anyways, fotis' dad is possibly starting a big to pretty big telecom venture in europe/s.america/Everywhere" i talked to him for 2.5 hours tonight. "i'll need to get more info from his dad, but it sounds like they looking for some help" is he for real? very legit well funded? more than likely privately what kind of telecom? that's what i need to hear more about. got jared's explaination "it's something along the lines of a voip calling card business, mixed with an interoffice phone network, on a global scale" or something "long distance rates of fractions of cents per minutes, idea is to log billions of minutes etc..." database and web design work are immediate concerns. foreign language skills are major plus he asked me to pass the word along to you and gzo you speak german "i speak what, french?" gonzo speaks cubanm jared is taking intensive greek apparently his extended family and network of friends are fucking loaded and going to pony up the loot to get things going. "again, this could be sunshine being blown up my ass, but he sounded like it was serious" "his dad has been doing shit like this with satellites for his whole life, all over the world" hmmm "so, he knows what he's doing" yup "telecom is a commodity, but then again, voip is part of the convergence industry" lots of money to be made see where it goes i'd like to hear more about it me too jared is going to get his parents to invite me over for dinner in the next week or so is jared in Boston? "there's that xmas party coming up as well, heh, heh, heh" "no, in greece" singing? uhhh....taking greek no jackass christmas "no, that party you came to last year." was that the xmas party or someones bday bday "ahh, ssdd" yeah listen bed now talk later word let me know how it goes with the interview yeah we'll see about that one ciao no worky again? not today weather? my dad is contracting through a second company i see. Verizon made a bid for Sprint ...who just ate nextel? not yet counterbid i think? dunno. too busy reading about the jet powered porta-shitter jet powered? check your email. Haha looks kinda fatal though. flames out the stack pipe ain't so good. lik3ly no5 huh? likely not "the interview i had yesterday with the recruiter people was for a job a company working with mircosphere technology, which is little protein spheres used for time release drug delivery. sounds cool." how did it go? fine. we'll see how my references work out. "i think i pissed some people off last time around, but, they liked me, um, as a person?" pissed off? "i was.....restless, and had more influence on some co-workers than i had previously thought." "at the end of it all, i was basically doing whatever i wanted to do, with no issues whatsoever, or so i thought, but, turns out the some 40something people were complaining that i was getting away with too much." fuckin babies. how did you find this out? i was told to start coming in earlier. "when i started there, we had no hours." "being one of the few left from the time (everyone else had quit), i was still in that sort of mindset, despite my pussy faced manager's attempts to bring some order" to the place. he was such a failure. "however, he offered any sort of reference i wanted." i didn't even ask. "but, being paranoid, i'm thinking he was doing so just so he could get back at me for making him look foolish on...two occaisions." i should probably just stop drinking coffee ha nap time "yeah, i'm off to file some papers at a courthouse for my dad, then off to drop more resumes, as this email crap is just not going to cut it." good deal see you laters www.decisionresources.com my new employer kickass. jeffrey si buenos dias you've seen the extent of my spanish. yar what you up to? trying to bake a damned cheesecak e i was *this* close to buying a Photo iPod today i'm waiting. for? for cooler things must go to brooks brothers before 5 happy christmas chief i want to ask you about your job but no time now market research for drugs? have i got that right? yup. bitch what are you doing? as in right now? for them\ new product development group. first project is called decision metrics should last 18 months. "basically, since it's new product dev, they didn't really have a concrete job description." you're an analust? analyst? yeah. lots of research. "building reports, deciding what's important, what's not." dude got to run sounds very cool will call tomorrow or something otay. ain't doin shit till the 3rd of jan. jeffrey morning is it already no. i just say that. who caan tell i can't get into my gmail acct. sue them i didn't pay for it and i can get into several other accounts. wonder if they're looking through my messages. "sorry, we're busy now, come back later" basically. Gmail is temporarily unavailable. Cross your fingers and try again in a few minutes. We're sorry for the inconvenience. cross my fingers? that's irritating. talk to gonzo what up fool? i've been reading about it. apparently has happened to quite a few folks what what up. what has happened to a few fellows>? what are you up to we have a play station five dolla smoky smoky ]http://www.kournikova.com/ what with the site? my comments a day ago regarding this bitch. "if she put on a few lbs and you punched her in the mouth, she be just another fat, toothless russian housewife." snow is drifted to over 5ft deep in places outside my house. what up down there. we've been barging around in an explorer acting like republicans now is time for popeyes and herbs and splinter cell and a fire ahhh... you in a car now? home with burc and roxanna and imri nice. they cancelled boston schools thru tuesday. already? that was proactive yeah. beans brb "jeffrey,,,, it's dan" howdy you down to play some splinter? in a bit ? sure. "i have to take a minute to open some ports on my router, but it shouldn't take too long." aight "well, it'll take us a bit too" probab looking at a eta of 30 min ok. i'm going to go plug work on setting it up now then. let me know werd uhh... not sure where plug came from lol yeah was wondering what i was missing "ok jeffrey,, are you ready to slaughter ????" think so..... hold on. how do you want to set this up? i got it working aight aight what? we're hooking up another tv so we can watch the playoffs network timeout? no sound mine connected ? huh.... "it's coonnected, but i can't hear you" brb having some serious network slowdown problems. i hate RCN. "going to reset some things, watch some football. will check back later." the rcn dbag says there is a slowdown in my area because everyone is sitting at home in front of their computers and tvs. i didn't think that was supposed to happen w/ cable connections. YO! Hey---it's Andy; Mikee's not here hi. couldn't figure out how to work the audio hi how's it going? good i guess you kicked our asses last sunday though i was too drunk to notice lol "yeah, me too." football.... sweet. no riots here though. right on "anyways, i'm leaving my office and was just going to say hi to mikee." i'll let him know nice one. have a good weekend. you too fucking the motherfucking snow argh skype? voip telephony bologna ah better sampling rates than audio chat programs. super clear pay service skype out lets you call phones around the world for price of local call let's call qatar and tell them to ship us some money ok. you speak...qatarian? english is the official language of money "heh, heh..." shifting to.......european. gotta learn to speak european. yeah on my list rosettastone.com/european "turns everything written in french into, ""Fuck you, Pig-dogs." yar you ever use PHP or javascript? i left my glass pipe back in jersey gonzo knows golive will write for you "i think dreamweaver does it as well, or at least has some sort of snippet library you can use." cut and paste just wondering what it's best used for. starting to run into it here and there. anything fancy that isn't flash even flash sometimes right. not that interested in fancy quite yet. jeffrey hola how goes it swell. you? "today, pretty good" nice. no post st. patty' hangover. me? my st pat's consisted of potato soup and corn bread at least you had the potato thing going. i didn't do anything. boston too much to handle for a country boy like you? basically. "whole city turns into mess of shitfaced idiots with green beer spilled all over themselves, looking to fight." fun fun i watched this thing on HBO about rich faggots and said to myself i know these people one of them something Weil reminds me of SO MANY people movie made by Jamie Johnson of Johnson & Johnson clan was it a good show? it was like a sophmore year final project that happened to be on HBO but facinating given the subject matter i don't have 'fancy cable' and have been relegated to watching bullshit syndicated crap like law and order: SVU on USA. dude $40 a month for digital cable + HBO + On Demand comcast? aye for one year we have RCN up here. SOOOOOOOOO bad. major cable internet issues. comcast just moved into the area. thinking switch switch it's fun service sucks but good deal "service, as in, when you call them to get something fixed, or, slow internet and crappy channel selection." internet connection is the only thing I care about. pixellated movies missing channels slow internet OH this you must see RCN just upgraded their service to include a 10 MB connection and fixed ip address for hosting etc. free for a year. shit don't work though. http://brawnyman.com/innocentescapes/ for some reason this reminds me of Bear hardcore can't check it here. bear is a douche. i talked to him a couple of weeks ago. you're at work? yeah aye. for some reason i've had him on the brain to call like burning in my head maybe i'll do "he just went to costa rica for two weeks. or, should i call it ""costa, dude." HAHAHAHAA his doucheatude factor is growing exponentially while living out there with the burning man rocket scientist clan. fancies himself to be a motorcycle collector now. DON't call him before i talk to you. you need to be prepared. i 'm warning you. dude how bad can it be i mean it's got to be worth a good laugh "yeah, it is." "BUT, you will feel disgusted at the same time." sounds pretty standard there's nothing standard about it. "actually uses the phrase, ""i'm out here, ya know, just playboyin' it up." "building rockets and lasers, cruisin on my bike." he wants to take a sabatical from his job to ride his bike to tierra del fuego. i though professors took sabaticals... he must be lonely he's dating a 21 year old french chick. the way he dropped that nugget on me almost made me punch him through the phone... "oh, dude, i'" m finally dating a french girl then said something about wishing had porked my old girl friend when he had the chance. :o ew ok so maybe we'll let bear sit tight for a while i'm not saying don't call him. dude it is WILDLY amusing. that's obnoxious he's said shit like that before. his head is so far up his ass it's unbelievable. maybe somebody should say something? meh sent you link by email you must checky http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/03/18/bobby.fischer.ap/index.html bobby fisher looks like an angry asshole i saw that. i think i'm going to look like that pretty soon. have you downloaded skype yet? for OS X it is? for all OS hm nope haven't tried just figured out what it was a couple weeks ago "i've talked with fotis in greece and had a test conference call at work with 2 people here, 1 in london and 1 in japan." it works VERY well. fotis is still in greece/ ? yeah. he does NOTHING. talking about business school in amsterdam or somethin. "like I said, doin' nothing." meh better than iChat/ ? "very much the same, except with this, you can buy minutes and call real phone numbers anywhere for 1.7 euro cent/minute. =~2 cents." ha Euros? it's the end of the world as we know it think the audio encoding might be better than most audio chat programs too. i'm using trillian. haven't tried that either i'm going to send you an audio chat to see if it works.. ? andy and i are trying to come up with some place to go out to eat ok hmm...philly...food. so many choices. Jeffrey Erickson did not respond criteria : sit down and have people bring me drinks doesn't matter what kind of food under $20 per that place we went was pretty good.... mar bar? marathon? yeah. yeah i like it you got no audio chat thing next to your name i don't think these guys have figured out the cross platform audio chat yet. hence my interest in skype... When they get SkypeIn to work i'll consider it "as in, phones calling computers??" yes hmm.... that sounds badass... "so, are you looking to get wasted and have munchies?" yar for under $20 total? twenty per person right. hmmm... you're going to have to pull some sort of pre-emptive alcohol strike. "then again, things are probably cheaper down there." i can't not spend $20 within the first 20 minutes of being anywhere up here. sux. we're talking about moving to new orleans HA! why? it's cheap and it's saucy and it's warm during the winter "true, true true." "AND, you can get a 64 ounce beer with a neck strap and giant straw from the pretzel on the corner." pretzel guy. think booze food truck see there? why not that's what i say ok i have to get ready word. back to excel and ppt. laters cheers. what the hell is this SMS thing the spammish email you got from me? yar uhh... it was a mistake. vic sent it to me i was clicking through the sign-up "and then, after telling the thing not to, it sent an email to EVERYONE i have ever been in contact with, directly or indirectly." naughty jeffrey "lots of people i don't even know, don't want to talk to, etc" 210 people woke up to that shit today. how in the bloody hell did it get your address book? i let it. "but unchecked all of the names, except for vic." program must have had an *error* oh man "yeah, i took to the time to un-check 209 boxes, all for naught." should be interesting to see what sort of responses it dredges up. jeffrey this thing has my private email now like super secret no one knows asshat you'll be fine. i feel like paris hilton now. i swear to christ if i get spam i'm forwading it to you that's fine. i love spam just bounce it. nada i've been doing that with voxel@neocyde and they don't do anything about it just deleted the account but i don't want to delete qubit "so, you already get spam...." no just one company to one email address no filters? my gmail filter is amazing. gmail filters i think i have four accounts in Mail.app "i don't know where mine is coming from, but i recently (three weeks ago) started getting some." "12 messages, all snagged by gmail." "legislation and gmail will bury the spammers, though, i've read that some of them make 750K/day." not a bad living "yeah, but that's the kind of excess that lands them in the news and in jail." i smell like ferrets LOL stinky bastards how did this happen? the house i was in today dude was a regional manager for Sally's beauty supply and borderline if you ask me like one of those dudes you want to keep calm "but totally calm, you know?" postal shit anyway he had ferrets in this shitty shitty house where the walls were made of 1/4 in plywood and shake when you cut them and his drain to his tub just poured out under the house perhaps he is growing a hat.... the connection to the street was gone ha HA yeah too much he probably has a hole the size of a volkswagen underneath his closet good place for bodies. why move to new orleans when you've got stuff like this in philly? "i'm sure there are ferrets and shanties in every city, but, not pat's" philly is cold that's about it fuck the cheesesteaks boston is cold. TRUE and i definitely don't live there http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&rd=1&item=5761773125&ssPageName=STRK:MEBI:IT i would only get it if i had an xbox new splinter cell out soon... for my PS2 dude Amon Tobin did the soundtrack ok. who's he? she? he is sort of a underground jazz artist? hard to describe on Ninja Tude Tune oh... right. i've heard that before. that should make for a cool soundtrack/gameplay it's decent it's on iTunes already "have you seen this game, brothers in arms?" nope WWII game where they actually have rendered photographs from the regions in which the battles/missions acutally took place. true story type stuff. looks RIDICULOUS. yo the website has the renders overlayed on the photos take during the war. it's pretty cool. taken. it's out? http://brothersinarmsgame.com/us/index.php i think i got spoiled with the screenshots from the PS3 this is supposed to be off the wall amazing though. "basically a movie you can play, with multi-player as well." http://brothersinarmsgame.com/us/screenshots.php http://www.broadcastingcable.com/CA511859.html lol "basically, i have to buy that game." "i know it will end me, but,...." i want my gamecube back get another one. aren 't they something like $50? ha i wish maybe after italy when's that happen 22-Apr bastard. i don't anticipate a vacation until june 06 where are you going to go? dunno. germany for the world cup? take a jockstrap ha "drunk germans watching soccer.....jah, i kick you." you know anything about LCD TV/Monitor combos? i know that i wouldn't get one unless it was a 30in apple monitor bad contract probably bad pixels contrast drive me batshit for paying tha tmuch "yeah, i've got some cash to blow, but think i should wait for newer models to come out, drive prices downs, quality up." "think it has to be the way to go, though." y? "right now, i have monitor sitting next to tv." want to combine them into one big setup. why LCD tho? hdtv projecttor maybe many TV's have DVI inputs on them now i'll lhave to look into it. there was a sale on the lcd tv/moitors at the local micro center recently. didn't look horrible. 21.3 inch is pretty damn big. i'm telling you you could get much bigger and stay flat with a better picture "yup, here comes the flood of emails asking me what the fuck the spam was about......" sleep well you to mista! (this is mikee right) yup lol hahrad man well you have a good night killer or are you not going to bed? i'm in bed right now. naked as the day i was born. sort of hoping someone will break in and come warm me up. hot hot if you were in NJ im sure i would be breakin your door down lol i'll show you the secret entrance you can get in any time you want hot you have any other pics dude i can never make the manhunt ones bigger so i can actually see the person http://neocyde.net/bathtime2.jpg cool man cool alright rockstar i need sleep ill talk to you later laters hey man hi are you in NJ? not tonight. i came back into the city today what 's up with you? not much kinda bored i was going to go to rr queerbar but my friends backed out and i feel silly going alone what's the rr? rock and roll oh yeah? i didn't know there was one it happens once a month rock and roll queers takeover a str8 bar ha does the management know about this? yea well most of the time does it rotate spots? yup its a new bar everymonth all in jersey? oh no no its philly oh so you were coming to the city and decided not to? yup well non of my friends want to go to the bar i aint gona go by myseld but yea i was going to the city that's a shame you could have dropped by "if it were another night, i'd go out with you" tomorrow is tied up o really lol should have went to the city anyway i guess would have been in your best interests let me know when you consider it again maybe i can tempt you beforehand my cell # is 2679758514 im sure you could tempt me into it lol but i have phone phopbia i cant call people lol 609 680 6869 oh i know what you mean ahha good good no one ever does lol "personally, i hate the very idea of a phone" for one thing it rings for another if i wanted to talk to you i'd come see you written communication is so much easier plus cellphones suck my asshole royally talk about frustrating "no, i cannot hear you now" hahahaha o hsit o shit oshit good gooooooooooood man i so agreee i hate it thiese bitchs call my phgone and expect me to talk for like hrs and by the firdst 5 min my fuckin head is spinnin up my ass and im lost and gone face to face i can talk for hrs phones suck my brain cells away i'm a lot better communicator when i can see someone's eyes it's hard to listen when there's alternative visual stimulation by the way http://www.bravotv.com/Manhunt/The_Models/Rob/Gallery/Pic_2.shtml that guy is HOT just thought i would throw that in there i sooooo dissagreeeee his fuckin head and his big ol forehead and his dopy grine he loses in my book ill cut him which one then? ROB the one you sent no which one do you like they all look pretty fuckin horrible if ya ask me heh not your style? i pretty much agree but i'm sticking to rob i think he's the only gay one anyway or maybe kevin alright john MAY be attractive but he still looks like something out of like ther terminatior i think he has an indestructable alloy skeleton at least he shows up naked yea i guess oh come on! that was quick and full of wit! hmmmm ehh meh ok ill give you quick but full of wit hmm Tough Crowd " hi there.. im amirza..im 21 gay... and im soooo into gothic... i would love to meet all of those gothic head out there... u can send me an email at utadahikaru83@yahoo.com.sg my musical influence are from courtney love, marylin manson, the cranberries, kittie, garbage, melissa auf der maur, a perfect circle, arkana, coal chamber etc.... i dont care whether ur gay, girls or guy whoever u r as long as ur gothic!!" him then? haha whhhhhhhha o man what is that gaygoth.net brb i'm a little bit over breast cancer everything is pink ive been over pink for a long time now i was over it hmm like 5 secs when it started i think brest cancers color should be forest green its so peaceful makes me want to nap an i mean if i had breast cancer im sure i would want to nap napping for breast cancer. cause i mean shit why not nap now that's a cause i can get on hell ya im going to found it today right now this minute "My best physical feature...should we make this uncensored? Ok...I'll keep this PG. Lets just say my eyes and chest. People tell me they like my eyes and my chest. " what balls what gaul what genius im in love love god damnit eyes and chest ooo laa laaa "and in the same breath "" Its not very secret, but I am an excellent at burping. " sigh* what a man what a man what a might good man wewh jump on that shit jump on it with apony agony or a pony or is there a difference pony deff a pony cause i mean its pony so it makes alll the differance in the worl d and such a versatile metaphor you have the little girl things going or the ride me like a pony or the not quite an ass dude its good news all aroung " I had lots of pets. They all died or committed suicide. Two birds, Fred and Ethel, flew into the toilet in a double lover's suicide. i ahte him so badly i want to kill him now i bet fred and ethel didn't have a pony this second no they ddiny but i shall shove oine up this fellow ass what's so wrong about rob he's a lawyer from texas what more could you ask for your right the picture is so clear now i was ...w rong..all along all a mistake ROB ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOb i want your bones wei he needs a tatoo imo or a tattoo whichever you prefer very true i havent decided yet but i will soon and let you know keep me posted i will "for real, and i'm not kidding here" do you think that not having blinds on one's windows suggests that one should keep some clothing on? not at all i think everyone shouild be naked especiallyouright now my friend tapes her windows with paper so that people cant lookin in to her the windows are on the door and tehy are like 3 inches by 8 inches long is that being to extream? she must have a boil on her ass? but you win the golden prize i have no blinds on my windows and i'm naked as a jaybird the high rise next to me must be pleased i shit you not there was this kid out in front of my house today taking pictures of the tops of our buildings for some reason and i happened to be in the window trying to get it shut like standing in the window and i opened my robe to see if he would notice and take a picture haha wow very fun did he he missed it which just goes to show you that the best shots are all about timing shortly thereafter our neighbor from across the street decided to walk his dog and him i respect enough to jump off the ledge haha well thats amazingly funny what are you doing on the 29th? do you know of any way to get baby oil off your nuts? no to either? "ok, i'm tired as all get out" i'm off laters hey yopoo whats up man how are ya good thanks how goes it for you? you there? yea yea im sorry dude im just like talkin bull shit to like 4946 people my friends are all goin loco im pretty good man i cant complain i have class in an hr other than that horrid shit im pretty damn good nice i'm in woodbury for the week thought you might be around oo really i am around what are you up to tonight man prolly going to bed early.. getting up at like quarter to six not till 9 or so tho what class do you have? ahh i have east asian history i get done at 9 i took a few classes in mandarin and chinese business good shit o yea i like the class but its 3 hrs llong and thats just no good heh twice a week? whoa. y battery died all of a sudden nah just once "well, you gonna be around later this week?" yea man i live here but i work late usually around 10 or so oh boy i get off work i work from like 6 in the morning to around 2 or 3 will you be around at all then we got odd hours it seems. maybe i'll stay up one night to chill with you haha damn well im sure it will be worth iut do you work every day this week? wed i dont work but i have plans gotcha i guess it's up to you then my week is pretty standard we will see killa maybe i'll do some of your homework for kicks ooo realllly hot hot now i can get into that what else do you take? athens the golden era and intro to feminism oy feminism kills me read teh feminist interpretation of the Scarlet Letter sometime and tell me you can take that shit seriously o trust me it kills me too i argue till my head hurts every day in that damn class its bullshit ok i have class later killer take it easy hi chief yooo whats goin on rockstar about to head out to the farmer's market what's up with you i just woke up from a glorious nap and im gettin ready to go to work soon yay for naps have you plans for next friday? are you still in NJ? this moment yes as in the friday 2 days from now? "nah, the 29th" o damn i dont evn know why whats up we're having a house party in the city come if it suits you o hot hot i just might have to going to be a throwdown that's for sure haha cool man where do you live in the city 13th and rodman between lombard and south ok cool cool wait is this a lil uarts party? HA no neither Lil nor Uarts haha ok good cause i went to one of them before and it made me want to fuckin die not that your party would or anything but yea juust checkin "one of the kids i live with graduated from uarts, but that's not really the crowd we pull" mostly old heads former party kids who are partying again this one night brb haha ok well im not an old head really but it souds fun reminde me again for now i have to go to work ! bye! laters whats up killer not much chief sittin on the couch checking my email what's up with you? immmm making music im laying hot beats on my casio and rockin out with my cockout in my head and heart sweet! :D werd its tight this i'd like to hear i fuckin miss saying that yo man ITS TIGHT!! damn o well i've been in some situations where it still works oh god can you please eleborate elaborate? ha. usually when we're talking about the young and the restless womp womp mark says that too well i dont know who mark is but i bet he is magical quite the sprite is he so i'm going back to the city tomorrow o why so it calls my name i need my fix ahh o ahh im going tonight to watch the drag show and hit on sexy lads at Bob and Barbaras? yup you shoud go you just might get hit on i think that place is like a block from my house "however, i'm planted here" for the night give my regards to the color guard ishall ill parad for you whom are you going with? i dunno im sure ill see someone i know there do you go often? i just turned 21 so no no shiza when is your birthday? it was october 10 hey. happy happy you want to come take a bath with me? well im not one for water and im tall so im sure it wouldnt be fun the tub is old and huge but whatever suits you that's my next stop in the day its old and hug huh ok lets take a bath deal how close are you to delaware and jackson? i dunnno im on deleware and s passaic "aight, do you know where Davis funeral home is?" i do its across the street from a dentist right pretty much i live across the street on the other side the dentist is on Jackson i think ok i think i know where that is im so bad with street names you seriously want to come over? cause i'm seriously getting int he bath its horrible i would lol ok so come 845-6586 im not garunteeing ill get a bath but ya never know should i call you when im on jackson? sure it's 164 on the left on the way up to the courthouse white house green trim whats your name again lol Mikee ok john i should be ther oooooooooooo in 5 min ok later haha im sorry about earlier champ! i occasionly dont think with my head at time s no worries chief i'm all about independence was it a charming bath i enjoyed the hell out of it i washed my hair it was glorious awesome lets hangout now whatr are you doing i'm sitting in my pjs watching jeopardy what are you doing? haha awesoem im doing nothing at the moment bob and barbaras still? i belive so but thats not until much later cool well come over then in about an hour and a half i'm hitting the sack ok i shll be ther andwhen you wishto hit the sack let me know i havea few silly things to do here first tho so ill be about 30 min is that cool? do you smoke? weed on occasion if i can find some would you like to? sure ok well give me like a half an hr ill be over got it ok byebey laters hey hi whats up...how r u good just finished watching a movie what's up with you k nuthin watchin music videos ha twitterpated ? ?? remember bambi? explain... the movie bambi bunny? Thumper gets twitterpated aqqq awww whats twitterpatted http://aginfo.psu.edu/news/april99/bird.html http://pages.prodigy.net/patrickromsim/_uimages/ThumperTwitter.jpg ha i licked the info in the 1st licked? no how the birds flew angrily to their reflections but what does this have to do with tumper and me???? no idea listen i'm going to sleep kk later castrating bitch hey question.... hi what's up what is bareback sex without a condom aah thats just stupid thank u fairy god mother np hey hi got a question what's up how long does it take for something to show up on a test after u had intercourse depends on what you're looking for well hiv 6 months and it wont show up before that? it might kk :-) hi enjoyin memorial day? it's a quiet day you? thats good i just got into a lot of shit for? someone line claimed to be 18 he called me and whatever seemed cool we talked told me he was in college a good job and he gave me a number and when i called thye told me wrong number now i called and someone was like did u meet this guy online? i said yes they were like u are being tracked by the police im like why? theyre like he's only 15 he goes out cut class meets peole it was his mom so we talked and i told her what had happened what he told me and i told her gay people are sometimes like that especially teens that i want to help he wouldnt speak to me i guess he feels ashamed but i told her i want to help and i asked her i f i could come over help? huh? im going to try to try how talk to him mentor him good god ? what good luck well he need guidance i cant just leave them ok what makes you think you have enough experience to be someone's mentor? if it makes me want to help people and reach out for him then i know i wont give up i guess it takes heart... "he needs professional help, probably not some high school senior with a god complex" im not od god i course he needs help but he needs to realize he needs it his mother told me she sought out proffesional help you have a 95% chance of making things worse for both them and yourself i still have a chance wish me luck... i already did :-P #NAME? ? whats up a few different things recovering from a party watching a keynote and working what's up with y ou recovering from graduation congrats for graduating wOot... almost didnt make it miracle why almost? term paper health teacher ...credits i had to sleep around get around meanwhile i have a cabinet full of hamburger helpers for ? lol i told u i exchange services for hamburger helpers they have mexican now wOot you've been sleeping wiht people for hamburger helper? that and other edibles... times are hard... try tina instead hmmm sounds classy i cant push my luck u do kno im jokin right? clearly ok how did the thing with the troubled youth turn out? somewhat as u thought meaning i ended up sleeping with him right and then lol jk no instead of talkin to him i just listened to what he had to say so i told him mom i cant tell him what to do he has to do it himself thats about it we still talk hmm ur opinion? did he quit? im afraid hes going to learn the hard way well im off to work as a slave for the government later bye hiiiiiiiiii my love hi Kate i do miss yaaa i miss ya TOO how is life pretty damn good gooooooooooooooooood!!!!!!!!!!! was out this weekend yes yes ??? yes with work people lots of bars lots of fun goooooooood im happy for ya yea im real nervous bout this job thang which job? well ive been applying to many but havent heard from ANYONE yet galleries and art compnaies in bmore hmmm do you know ppl already? what you mean connections yeah conekshuns> yea at the walters and MICA like anyone who's already doing it? well there you go yea and i got letters of ref from both places for jobs there but there really isnt anyting at walters but MICA.... its some secretarial job in the exhibitions office i guess you start with that no? and then move around? yaaaa i interview for a couple of jobs a last week oh yea and decided that i like what i'm doing! gooooooooooood!!! oh boy i missss yaaaa yup ireally really do i may STAY oh Kate we're supposed to come see ya before school is over WHEN?????????? yesssssssss you must be at my fashion show 2-May sunday 6pm mikey im so excited for it its gonna be craaaaaaazy shit you've got all the designs put together? oh i have a video and slides and music and the outfits HEH kate we can't miss it is Tedi coming? yes i'll get him to bring me if he deosnt i will KILL HIM yessssssssssss but im sure he will be tehre you wanna hear something funny what! so today my art prof (who apparently knows granofski) saw a pic of him in my studio from last years fashion show mmhm "and she said ""oh adam whats up with him...i think hes doing drugs all the time" ha awww it was sooooooooooooo weird but funny too but i was like nooooo i dont think he does but then shes like well he just seems out of it TRUE yo i haven't heard anything about adam in ages yea tedi doesnt tsalk about him much nowadays i heard some music that he did with chris it's pretty damn good yea teddis? it's in my playlist yup hahahhahah yea its really cool so what's up Kate yer almost finished im just ready for this HOW SHOW heh its all that ive been doing the models are lined up? yup and looking HOT what about the BOYS ehhh i dont know if theres gonna be any im gonna wear a suit though no escorts? i may escort the few who are nervous hahaha perfect my love yes so it sounds good are you comin back here b4 school is overE? i want to but i dont know if i have time i def will when the show is over though i forgot that and i only have one exam on may 10th and graduation is may 23rd so actually yea whoa that's it? did you know teddy gets to give me my diploma NO why?? cause he graduated here and is my blood no shit aww kate hehehehhehehe yo so did you work everything out with those boys next door? wellllllll charles is always with alli and so i dont see him much but im kinda seeing that guy luke he liked ahhhhhhhhhhhh hahahahaaaaaaa what's kind of? he broke up with that guy and said it wasnt really working for him and who is alli? "well i guess we're ""dating" yeah? kate ?? are you going to hand him off to me when you're done with him so we can make our t-shirts? YESSSSSSSSS we havent had sex yet but we hook up a lot and he takes me out holds my hand all that mushy stuff AWWW that im not used to how cute! he is SO NICE TO ME does he go to Dicki? no he is lives in carlisle now hmmmm for what? but is mocing to harrisburg in june he lives with his mom and sis moving he grew up there? hes lived all over the country cause his dad was in the military ahhhhh well i'm glad that he's good to you Kate you deserve that shit awww thanks shugs but it scares me cause hes so good and i really like him i guess i will just enjoy the moment eh? his name is luke how yummy... ha yes just enjoy it no worries yaa and so are things with you an dthe boys no boys for me by the way i think we should make those shirts anyways ha men? LETS we can wear them out after your show ok i will work on that for you black shirt white letters? def or fucking yellow ooooooooooooooh if they have those letters oh that would HOT fuzzy ones yeaaaaaaaaaa if you find any like that let me know and i will pay you back i'll def look around for stuff super me too hey i wanna see you Kate i know!!!!!!!!!! it has been quite a long tiiiiiiime well you know youre MORE than welcome to come here whenever ha imma gonna buy me a bike and ride it hahhahahahah a moped a horse and buggy? and a sidecar for your belongings? for me to steal you with YESSSSSSS then we can be like batman and robin i'll be the boy wonder i'll be your bitch and we can wear tights with out t-shirts hahahhahahahaha oh my god im just imagining that ok next halloween LETS DO THAT heh you wear blue ones ok and mine will be red who needs fucking halloween let go to Woodys hahahhahaha oh luke just rang hes a comin ooooooova mmmmmm send me a pic take one and send it to me and lick it befor eyou send it hahhahahahahahah i will i will sacn it tomorrow for you scna scan ahhhhh sweet and lick it make him lick it too ok ok Kate I luv ya i llllllllllllluuuuuuuuuuuv yaaaaaaa toooooooo we shall talk soonly about batman and boy wonder meeting again heh enjoy ok by shugs!!!!!!! xoxoxoxoxoxoxo :* mwah mwah mwah kate hi dear how are ya kate? im good i have to poo poo me thinks how are you grrreat comfy oh goooood im so glad you were here ma dear thanks to you my love for making it happen "i really, really enjoyed the show" aw thanks yea this really hot guys came up to me today and said he loved it thought it was very clever oh good! yea it was flattering and hes stylish Kate yes i'm going to be so happy when we can land you in a real city I KNOW you're going to be a big fish Kate hells awwwww mikey you ARE a big fish hahhahahha and the pond is dried up thank you dear hahahahhahahaha what can i say we'll go feeding together yes yes yes indeedy we will did you see Kill Bill? nooooo luke called and said he had to meet with his friends dad about his college applications cause hes lookin to go back and hes been workin on these like all week so he wants to get it done so no bill for me imma try to see it tomorrow with Tedi good plan ok my love i'm gonna start working heh ok me loves youuuuuu i lurve ya too kate mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaah thanks again <smooch> laters Kate hi love hello julia and i got so fuckin high tonight "we drove around the dorms blasting ""stayin alive"" and were singing and dancing to all the people outside" JAJJAjajjaa it was amazing then we explored the 40 mile parameter of carlisle no shit yes sir Kate it sounds like you're done indeed done as a thanksgiving turkey oh Kate dassssriiiight anyways enough of that face facio Kate ooooooh thats a good shirt yes how were the pictures? ? awweeeeeeesomeeeeeeeeeeee i gots tons next week im gonna scan them and send em out r u coming to philthy? eventually yes home to balti first? i dont know cause the days are going by so fast here already tru im getting sad facio "Kate, the biggest part of your life is coming up to bat" very true veeeeeeeeery ture TRUE kiss the ones you love and face the sun darling YES listen hun i need to crawl into beddy bye as do i but thank you for that lovely phrase i will use it as an away message my love to you i'll see you soonly indeed hi kate Kate high mikey high Kate what's the lo down im high this i know but im not a pothead LOL just a very avid tree connoursseur a vegetarish mikey im o sad bc im packing up my room hey hey don't be sad be excited new times but its sad too party like the sun won't shine lil bit but you'll be oh so glad when you're out but listen shug i have to go help durden with something durds k Kate when are we going to see you? i love youuuuuu I love you tooooo i hope soon good! enjoy yer night mikeeeee how is your face pretty chill Kate how are you doing? good i had a fabulous weekend thank you dear for everything no problem i'm happy you came yea well i always have fun in philly its always silly in philly have you seen the pictures? ?? the ones i took? i'll find them nope ian and imri took some ooooh i have not seen them http://www.reflective.net/cgi-bin/cgiwrap/imri/forum/ikonboard.cgi?s=6e0bc6652a92a76dd4b9cce030841ad3;act=ST;f=1;t=10853 oooh what fun i feel bad i hope i wasnt that much of a bitch to imri nono i think he wanted us to come over oooooh man mikee he was studly ha yeah i love the one of us! we's some fuckin hot cats yup it's good well i will have to get doubles of mine cause i know we took many together many good ones i think me thinks too what you up to? mikee my outfit for tomorrow is gonna be so funny i might have to take a pic and send it to you ha ok tomorrow? me in khakis with a black button down and perhaps pearls hahhahahahaha lord i NEVER wear khakis what's it for? my job starts tomorrow oh i thought tuesday? and the dress code is along those lines naww its tomorrow boyeee http://home.earthlink.net/~karoshi/images/getlucky/0860.jpg hahahahhahaha that one is AMAZING who took that ian niiiiice i had sooo much fun fuckin aweeeeesomeeee so july 4?? "close to, yeah" do you think luke could possibly come if he doesnt have work sure cause he was really jealous when i was telling him bout it on the phone har har har should be and i think he thought i was gonna go wild and crazy with other boyees... but i was very good girl ha you almost did with who imri? him too who else? "haha, i'm just jerkin your chain" oh jerk jerk jerk cough cough thinking makes my head hurt awwww i still cannot believe that fall it pained me to watch it happen are you bruised? i htink i got a concussion awwww mikeeeeeeeee are you having headache after headache? yeah uuugh what have you been doing today by the way my dad was asking bout you in the car today when he picked me up i went to see the Day After Tomorrow oh yeah? tell im i says hey "gunit said ""that mikee is a really nice guy" oh how was it worthwhile there's a shot of jake gyllenhall in there i want to steal oh i LOVE HIM that donnie darko as do i he's my favorite actor as boys go is dat so yup im talkin to charles how is chas he's good he said he heard a robbie williams song today on the radio (angels) and thought of me and had a slideshow of us in his head of our year i'm watching a led zepplin concert on dvd oooooh trippy mikee i had so much poop last night did it make you feel bettere? yes but me bumhole hurt did your bathroom smeell bad yesterday nope i didn't notice phew must of been the open window ok time for din din bye my love and take care of your head ok darling enjoy your night ok so i was tal;king to my lovely frnech friend mmhm "and he thinks for my next shirt i make it shoudl read : ""je te sucerai mais tu ne bandes jamais" which translates i suck you but you never get a hard on hahahahhahahaha LOL amazing right good deal yes i just might have to go with that one how is your face ma dear on pink good applying for jobs "how was your day:?" oh GOOD it went really well i really like the people there the museum teachers range from 70 year olds to high school grads its so funny and then there was me but this one girl went to friends school where teddys friend carter graduated from did you wear pearls? hahahah no i was actually a lil dressed up in my khakis and black button shirt oh yes? so thank god i dont have to be that dressed up but listen hun im about to jump in the showa k good luck on your job hunt me hearts you thanks i love you too how is the FACE?? good darling having dinner how are you? im good well you eat up boy k and we can talk later k hiiii mikeeee hi KATE how are ya i be good im eating a frozen go gurt gobert kate i missed you this weekend what a fucking epic i know i know i was a little sad bout that but i know we will meet again soon Yes/ what are you doing this weekend? working no shiza do you enjoy the job? i do i really do but i wish it paid more ha welcome to ze club TRUE SEAT SEAT heh? teresa and maria movie OH when cousin describes the perfume hahahah set seat seat heh yeah good cinema kate hahahhaha yes your brother is in the WOODS kate hahahahahhahahaha the sticks even i wonder how he's holding up yes i do hope he didnt make no forest fires ha knowing tedi he'll burn it down on his way out hahahah yes i'm having a party this weekend kate you ARE!?!?!? yes at my house reeeeeeeally with lots of great ppl what day Saturday oh mikeeeeeeeeeee when do you have to work? saturday till when bout 4 hmmmmmm 4 is when it gets started bbq and swimming and drinks oh my GOD why didnt youhave this last weekend i didn't pick the date it's a birthday party for andrew who is andrew a friend of Imri's did we meet at the boat party with the glasses? YES oh he is splendid yes basically all of those people are coming to my house are we're getting shitty awwwwwww man mikeee you know me and maria are moving in with imri and al? I KNOW that is truly hot al? another dj otay don't think he was at boat party no no i would remember the name AL mikee i have such bad cramps right now and my period is like the river jordan fuck my diet im gonna eat oreos (double stuffed) and milk dude i'm so constipated it hurts we need a flowing of the bowels you and i brb hahahhahahahahha nothing <sigh> just little poop pebbles splish LOL LOL LOL kate did you see the ipod thing for your mini? what ??? !!! apple.com how much is it just buy the ipod it plugs into your car oooooooooh and you can use the steering wheel to change it oh SICK very goddamn i need to be makin more money so i can buy toys like this http://www.gfxartist.com/community/member_gallery/44673?continue=true whoaaaaaa thats pretty damn neato who did it some swedish dude it's all rendered sick computer graphics "yeah, pretty nutz" "when i move the window around, she has spots on her ass" i guess i should clean my screen jajajajjjajajajajja ok goin to watch a movie iwth the kiddies enjoy franks...dan mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ma dear mwaaaaaaaah :* "Pardon me, kind sir or madam..." LOL no time for mormons a pirate's life for me...arrrrr helloooooo me lil mikeeee hi Kate how are ye i's be pretty goooood hellava rainstorm here oh yeah? all sun here how's your job Kate? what's it like? well i gave my very first tour last saturaday and then three more after that the same day did you enjoy it? i do neat ! you know there's another boat party tomorrow.. i know !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what are you up to this weekend? i have to WOOOOOOOOOOOORK poo poo LOL i'm not going either family will be here oooooooooh jajajajajajajja i haven't seen tedi since he got back from the woods and i haven't seen you in ages i KNOW since the last boat extravaganza darling brb otay i really wish i could come to philly this weekend im so fuckin pissed but i may be takin a trip soon just got off the phone and now i'm right back on it jajjajajaj otay kate going to run to get my wallet my love i will kill you if you interrrupt maria again LOL Y what kind of nuclear secrets are you sharing/ cuase shes telling me a danielle steele story LOL ok chief enjoy love you still love you tooooooo hi mikeeeeee HI KATE How are ye? how are you my dear very very well gooooooooooood how was your vaca Sassifying i am relaxed to the max super! mmmhmmmmmm i'm packing to move! ooooooooooooooh whatcha doin? talkin to brosef hey i got a job at nordstroms in studio 121 holy shiza in b-town? yulp are you going to keep the museum job? yes but like 2 days a week what will you be doing at Nordstrom? "retail but its $9/hr plus commission and im dealing with burberry coats, fur frocks and such high priced thangs" neato you and i will be doing the same things! yes and then we will TAKE OVER THE WORLD DOMINATION BUAHAHAHAHAAAA muuuuaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhahahahahahah Kate you emm you ess tee must come visit maria and i when i get my room together ummmmmmm OF COURSE my weekends will be free fo sho boss we are going to rock it how is your boy Luke? so grand had some great sex sunday night HA HA ! you sexed him up!? second time round oh GOOD you said he had issues with it before. i'm happy your worked him out of it well yes im so happy with him "he even said ""kate youre amazing"" apres le sex" it was so sweet HEH rock that body but hes goin to IUP aug 28 for the yea r Indiana? wtf in PA what's IUP? yea indiana univ of penn like 4 hours away transferred? yea he went to harrisburg comm college and took some classes this summer no likey the dickison? too expensive i think Ahhhhh i hear that yes yes so i will missy him eh i think you'll see him ok he's in harrisburg now no? YES that's got to be a few hours its like 45 min from my house oh yeah? ha but IUP is like 4 hours that's like across town in TN oh Kate i'm super excited i go to work tomorrow for the first day ooooooooooooooooooh boyeeeeeeeeeeee i kno i have no idea what it will be like but i think it will be great me too shugs what are you wearing?? HA brooks brothers probably or Guess i guess it's business casual but i think after a month or so i'm going to spice it up maybe a nice black miniskirt YES MY DEAR YESSSSSSSS heh so i've got to get up and pack otay Kate come SEE us yes my mikee i will i will good big hug to momma for me MMMMM you got it hahhahahajajajjaja jejeee bye bye my business man laters my love mikkeeeeee oh jojojojooooo Kate god i miss you KATE i miss you too i miss real people COME SEE US Kate i have someone here with me right now i will be RIGHT BACK i know i know but my fuckin manager has me wokrin weekends you have to get the friday before halloween off brb ok back kate kate what's your number i'm gonna call you 4109603097 looking for my calling card calling you who is mark you saucy grrl? playing with mark I NEED TO COME VISIT YOU AND MOMMA MARRRRRIA i think in jan i will have more time off fromwork so i will def make a trip if i can :D :B hey! how r u ? hi kim i'm well how are you? going slightly crazy... doing a fashion show and funk show both on friday... wanted to invite u to funk! oh hey! yeah sure where's it out? transit 10-2 sweet this is your spring show? yup it came way too fast ha you're almost done! i know... i still have a lot of admin crap to take care o f yeah? have you decided what's next? want to do marketing in nyc... need to get aggressive about looking i was just there today so worn out from the weekend i've been interviewing as well for what sorta things? teaching ha :D teaching what? english to japanese children wild! a bit yeah the interviews are now over though one went well the other not so well so i'll probably know in two weeks cool do you have a solo in this show? "nothing super dramatic ... yet... i'm adding a transition, havent decided who will do main part" ha Kim KIM it's THIS friday? ya are you excited about it ? "its been pretty stressful, esp doing fashion show same night... but i'm feelin a little better lately" is you collection being shown? "yup, and a few people from funk are performing a little" i definitely want to see that have you got a date yet? ??for what? ha wait the fashion show its friday also is at the Funk show? OH ! it overlaps fuck yeahg fashion is on campus... funk downtown omg! how are you going to do it? "i'm going to b racing back and forth, from rehersal to show to show" do you need any help? "i'll b ok i think... fashion show starts at 9, and funk wont go on till 10:30 at earliest" i def want to see the fashion show i may have to leave before the funk show gets into full swing its at houston hall i'm not sure how long it will run got it as long as i'm out of the city by like 11 it's fine where r u off to then? that's the last bus back home so how about u could stay over here oh thank you dear i'm worried funk show will start pretty late i appreciate it we'll see how things go that day k so if i don't hear from you before then i'll just find you at the fashion show cool thanks for letting me know! :) of course Kim! Kim! hey! how art thou pretty well... a little busy w/ last week of school and u? very well this is it huh? as long as i finish my indept study how's that going? not so hot... way behind is there any way i could help? "not at this point, but maybe when i have to distribute surveys" np how did your shows go? i'm surveying diabetic people at clinics. shows were good - but not awesome... dissapointing because of lack of spice ahhh the kids aren't the same totally so what are you up to after this? job hunting wanting to do marketing in ny are you going to move there first? i cant very well stay there w/o a job... but maybe temporarily stay at a friends place well i want to see you before you ugo definitly... we have to go out dancing!! LOL np my love i was at Fluid this past weekend first time in a long time let me know whenever ur going out with all those ppl you met for halloween oh SURE def ! i'll find us a good party to go to in the meantime "so r u stayin in the area for a while, or what was up w/ possibly going to ny?" i interviewed for some jobs in Japan but i decided that i like what i'm doing i'm def staying here through end of summer and then seeing where i'm at i'm gonna hop in bed k take care of yourself u too and hit me up if i can help you get through the end of this love you :) "k, i'll b in touch" hey! whats up? hi kim! how are ya? good xcept for my freekin project what's goin on with it? outsiide facttors seem not to be on my side oh no is there anything i can do to help? "prof not able to meet w/ me often, people tell me i can giive out surveys then change mind" whoa i forgot if u did mktg research? "i think i took the labs, but i don't think i ever wrote the survey" my current concern is that i'm lookin at old books and nothing make sense! my survey is all written and i'm getttin a couple responses but if the prof isnt going to b super helpful ... this migiht b bad but if u dontt remember much of research or stat its ok hmmm try me "well, no specific questions yet" is this all that's left? i'm waiting to see if prof really is occupied by jury duty for the whole week and ??? beyond last thing for me to graduate ya lol Kim this is nutz who is the prof? americus reed has he been helpful up to now? miniimally maybe you need a new advisor no? "oh, not going to b able to find one at this point" i was rerjected by 6 people bfor he accepted me (cause i started it so late) ! ahhh what's the study about? diabetes education and pharma vs. dietary supplements as treatments it's an independent study? subtly trying to fiigurer out how to better promote the supplements.... iits actually and engin credit... senior applied project but indept study more or less "if you have specific questions, i might be able to get you in to see Barbara Kahn" that could b an idea ... i just feel like all the profs are so busy and bitchy w/ grading at this time would an extension help? technically all work should b done by fridaya... which is obviouslsy not happeneing... so its sorrta gonna gett done whenever it does i was shootting for the 14th... but now it might b even worse "yeah, if that's the case, then i'd let it slide until you can get better information" def don't let it stress you out thats near impossible ha i just want to b DONE oh believe me i understand that or have things all ready so twhen i have the data i can whip it out that's a good plan u did end up finishing everything right? i just had a meeting on friday to talk about a change of grade when that gets put through that's it whew right? "still, i'm making sure the damned thing gets done" it must it's taken like four meetings just to get him to write a post-it on doing it iidiots "actually, funny thing, he's been in court all semester" who? Martin Asher he's an expert witness for applied econ? "oh, gotcha" "k, well just let me know if you want me to call up the advising office" i just talked to tom ruth who says he'll be in town next week i hope we'll try to go out if you're interested for sure "ooh, also if u know any people w/ diiabetes could u pass along my survey?" yes my fam what email should i send it to? then u can distribute qubit@neocyde.net cool Kim! hey! how did you get a Gmail account? "friend got one w/ a blog thing he uses, gave to me" whoa me so jealous its fun! i asked my grandmother about survey she's being stupid about it how come? no idea she won't take it seriously no because of you just because she iits ok 's not comfortable answering those kinds of questions i htink it sucks i'm makiing progress... slowly. thanks for asking her np i can make it up... LOL its ok howsit going? i think i'm giviing up on any more grand data collection efforts. just posting on newsgroups now. gotta (re?)learn SAS to analyse the stuff. did graduation crap this weekend.... now lookin for jobs. probably going to ny for a bit this week oh yay was just there really had fun with Tom in fact sweet k hope to see you soon? there is party on friday at Fluid have family coming though going to try to get them to go if you're not too busy "ooh, ok" will def come if i'm not in ny "after this week all my friends will b gone from the here, i will b tottally eager to go out" no kidding well i'm always a willing participant yay! "hey~! my birthday is ttomorrow... not sure if i'm doing anytthing, but if i find smthiing, wanna go out dancing?" YES all sorts of stuff to do right now i'm \drujnk ad fuck haha at 4 ini tthe afternoon!? at 12 "ha, ok" what you up to 'fiiniished' my independent study... but iit sucked... i'm honesttly not sure if it will pass... i barely slept all week it will pass don't worry about it time to celebrate or crash... i'm so sleep deprived... "oh, i have a new phone #... 215-284-1961" so is anythiing cool going on tomorrow? are you there? it would be nice iif you replied to my IMs "they take much effort to write, and your ignoring them" piniss me to my core "because to me, it signifies the breking down of the bonds and foundations upon which our friendship is built" btw leave me an IM with your cellie!!!:-* hey! r u around this weekend? i'm in the city today whats up with you? lots of job apps and such that's basically what i do all day heh there's a party tonight at fluid that you would love i may go myself "let me know if u do, i'll come along" sure! 9178550184? tom is in town this weekend too if you want to call him newer # 215-284-1961 fun i told him to come tonight as well his # is 2679347474 k Kim hey! how is it going today? "ok, gettin out job stuff, have to leave shortly for interview out in king of prussia" how r u? doing well it's solstice! happy solstice my love ooh.. to u too! ok break a leg in that interview i shall go w/ enthusiasm kim how was the interview "seemed fine... its not for smthing i really want, but would still b good to get offer" how was ur day? decent i saw the stepford wives i saw it too today> ? when it came out ah we talked about this no ? what are y ou up to? digging through email do you like gmail? ya.. but now its slow sending stuff... i think their survey gets busy when do you get to send out invitations to join? "i ws given 2 invites i think... but i got my account from philly boyfriend, so really they were his to give out" zachi zaki ? zaki he got it cause he has a blogger account ahh and my email accounts were totally unmanagable haha wharton too? ya... over the limit for a yr o dear well then you've found your solution i'm terrible about keeping stuff and dealing w/ large files in your email though? yup. yay gmail!....... i have to send files... not necessairly keep ah any more interviews this week? not on site.. some phone i need to find a way to sleep oh KIM by the by you should come to my party on saturday "where at?... i may have to b in ny, but if not i totally want to come" here at my house in jersey it's a bbq/swimming thing ooh cool /birthday party for andrew where in jersey r u? exit 21 on 295 like 20 min south of cc in woodbury 8096 ok i'd like to know what happened to all of my real drugs all i can find are antibiotics and i would give a great deal for some ambien right now that's mostly a joke i'm going to try to sleep again here in a minute let me know if you're around this weekend k? cool... good luck sleeping ! thanks doll ttyl nitenite yup saturday afternoon? yup 4ish hey dear hi Kim how are you doing? i just started a job... am in nyc neat! something you like? "hopefully, a little hard to tell thus far" whats up w/ u? what is it? "consulting co, super small" "i just got a new job myself, in manayunk" i'm the comptroller for a fashion designer sweet yeah i'm getting into it moved back into philly cc where have you moved? into friends apt still looking for own so you just got started... and you're in NY for real lol good deal Kim yup i think that's what you wanted right? yup! you're in manhattan? "yup, columbus circle apt,and job is on wall st" :0 :o heh tom just moved to a new place in brooklyn if you have time to find him he's been trying hard to get me to come up to edit video with him "cool, let me know when ur aroun" d i definitely will did you keep your same cell $? yup for now tell me when it changes sure will i think i'm going to take a nap "ok,enjoy" "thanks," and thanks for letting me know what's up i'm really pleased for you you totally deserve it i'll catch up with you soon coolcool hey! whats up? so... i've been apt hunting forever in ny... and finally got approved to rent a condo today :) 53rd and 1st ave... fairly spacious "AND... i'm gonna b in philly for at least part of weekend (i'm designing/producing funk costumes... gotta fit em). wondered if u were still doing the halloween party thing, and if so, what day... so perhaps i could drop by ?" Kim!Q Friday! tomorrow all night same place at our house definitely come! "oh my, so soon... i have crazyness here in ny... but i'll def try" cool it's all night so late is ok cool address again? 1308 Rodman "hey, i'm coming to philly tonite" cool where are you all going to? i'm not sure... "ah, i'm still in ny, doing laundry and tryin to figure out train situation" ok there's live music at transit don't think it's electronic tho lots of art fags i hear r u headed there? i wanna go dance possibly i may take it easy tonight and go out tomorrow i have to do funk party tomorrow that's not late tho right? shows at 5.30 and 8.30 follow by party til ??/ "depends how it goes... if it sux i'll depart, but there are other alums coming, so most likely i'll stay" that's kool Discotbotz is tomorrow as well anyway i'm going to lay down for a minute and see how i feel in a bit if i get up "k, get rested" i'll catch up with you all gimme a call ! you got it how're things going this week? :) lo? hi hu hi huhu how r hu? ju hood hreat1 how are hu? tired my thesis was rejected oh! have to corrrecy correct again what kind of corrections? organizing ahhh lots of work? nah i just need a vacation yeah me too did u get paid? wednesday nice ! better i'm just working right now k i'm gonna go read oke doke enjoy baking heh gotta do it in secret k :D :) love u love you too bi bi laters mikee can we go away please? maria "um, sure" mikee I am so sad I hate this thesis awww i can't stop crying i am so frustrated it's going to be ok it's never going to end you know exactly what you need to do ? no no I don't know there's all this shit and my job and my life AHHHH ha it's too much well forget some of it then pick what you want to do and do it i don't want to to any of it and the rest doesn't matter i know but I can't drop any of them I need $$ and I need to take care of the kids and I need to get this thesis done as long as you know that you're choosing to do all of it I am but this FUCKING THESIS I HATE IT SO MUCH and Now it's fucking AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ha I have been working for two hours on five pages TWO HOURS ON FIVE PAGES Mikee maria Mikee I am going to bugg out I am going to lose it Just forget about it go out and watch a movie I can't i gotta go to work see? I am trapped not trapped if it's really an emergency just forget about it then forget about it i don't mean to be mean and go do what you want to do I WANT TO GO AWAY FROM HERE so get in your car and go go up to daniels "or, go out to your Aunt's" I can't go until this is done or come over here "I CAN""T" you can I have to work I can't I can't I can't ok I swear but that's your choice HUHHH you can talk to your advisor and tell them how y ou feel about it it'll just prolong it just let's go to Florida ok if we can we can I'll pay for everything just let's GO ha you want to go now? we could go now.. no before Easter? yes first week of April yeah yeah yeah it will be warm and Spring Break will be over so the beach will be open RIGHT so at least I can finish this shit with something to look forward to yes ok going now sorry ok i love you i love you too this FUCKING SHIT MOTHERFUCKERS BITCHES LOL I feel better turrets HAIRY BALLZ! natty bumpo LOL what? Natty Bumpo strikes again ok Bert Ernie's gone awww they're getting married in Asbury Park LOL wouldn't that be great?! "fucking Bert and Mrs. Bert, Ernie" LOL perrrrfect Mrs. Bert LOL that's what you can call me Mrs. Bert LOL or do you wanna be Mrs. Bert? you are MRs. Bert I'll be bert ok if that's cool yup ok Bert k golden girls? bi bi oui laters enjoy the rest of your day ok? trying hi poopy hi hi ji how is you? i'm ok JI :) how are you? MUCH FUCKING BETTER oh yes? sorry about the outburst no worries cou;dn't handle shit how did your day turn out? better except my grandmom's sick oh no! she had a small stroke yikes! I know she was aware of the whole thing but she kept falling down :( sad yes mikee yes? i think she might be ready to go ok She's so lonely it's sad well.. but I see the sense in it yes u know? better that she chooses GOOD ANSWER u so smarrrrrrt nah mom had a freaky day yesterday too oh yeah? she ok/ she's fine she had to go to a deposition oh dear and they confronted her with her psychological records scary word yeah is that relevant? not really but i don't think it matters? trying to get $$ from her hope not trying to keep from having to pay but i think she's over it good scary there for a minute well I have some news what news? TR fucking called me today oh yeah> how is he? he has a girlfriend! I AM SO HAPPY I can talk to him and be safe! wheeeeeew um ok its funny tho funny how? it was the first thing he told me he said I am calling u because I have a problem with my girlfriend and I need your advice I sad said as long as u don't need me! i can talk about whatever you want :P my heart was pounding i bet did you know who was calling? scARY no I thought it was Verizon so I said HELOO!?! all mad because I was having an issue with them and I hear "Um, Maria..." and then I thought it was Johnnie and I go (all obnoxious) WHAT HAAPPENED? and then he laughed and when "it's me, TR" and I said "OH SHIT. Um, hello...." yeah he was like Hi beautiful i miss u i want to see you (barf) so I said well come then were you happy to speak to him? yeah I think we should talk I like TR I do I just can't love him he hurts me too much he's very schizo right that's weird it is wierd but i also realized that my respect for him was always characterized by what others thought of him and i can't worry about that anymore I used to feel guilty if I talked to him all the more reason to treat him like a secret addiction ok so at least you can objectify it yup yup i'm fine trust me still have the old impulses around him but getting better... so you want to see him again? not especially i don't care either way i'm not mad at him anymore but i don't love him that way anymore either ok so did you get to help him with his problem? but i'm also not worried about hurting teddy well that's the bad part I said "what's your problem, TR?" and he said "well, I've already found the solution" "don't worry ""beautiful" blah blah blah so he was trying to obviously lay it on thick and I said "truss me," "I AIN""T NOBODY'S SOLUTION" Caroline whoa so... he said "aw, don't hate me" "and I said, u know I could never" "but we can't ever go back, TR. NEver." "Now I can talk to you, but only as a FRIEND" and if that's not enough hang up and he said (after some silence) I gotta go but I'm gonna keep on trying so he wants to get back together with you again? no and he made up a reason to call? he gets the same hankering I do we pine for each other it happens every march/feb but this time I had to resist because I can't go thru it again good choice i don't like him so much no no no one does only me only I see the light but I'm not resisting for you "or for Dan, or Tedi or whoever" but for me but I can honestly say I've never loved anyone like that no one does it to me like he does it's CRAZY ok i'm working on my lesson plans k when's the interview a week from tomorrow OOOOH good luck! thanks i'm sure it will go well i found out yesterday that Noah lost his job so he doesn't know if he's going to stay in Key West through next month no problem don't worry about it is coool I am sorry he lost his job :( he's going to try to get a job with a different boat interesting a different boat "as opposed to ""Firm" hee right u sound pretty serious right now so I will letcha go ok i'll be in the city tomorrow NO FUCKING WTH MIKEE OH YEAH? and maybe on Saturday Wanna go see Dan with me ? Frank? when are you goin? Sat? to Sun? maybe yeah sounds like fun k we'll discuss later love you good luck lemme know if I can help you ok thanks love i'll catch you later bi bi ...ok :) lo? hihihi hi got moms credit card # oh yeah? i'm in the city :D i could bring you money today.. "huh""?" for the ticket! no? "hey, are you at home>?" oh i'm gonna call you instead. u want me to charge evertything WAIT! I can't talk now ok hang on I am finishing up the damn shit paper ha ha sorry what is the plan again? charge everything? I told mom only 212 that's fine but we can do all of it no no i can charge mine with my g-mom's card and give her the money u need a credit card don't you? oh ok one thing tho whatsat? when were we going to leave? 1-Apr uh oh ok what? well "at the end of every month, I have to do attendance for that month" yeah? and its due the fifth but I guess I can do it on the 31st... it's $100 more to fly on the 2nd right no problem I will collect everything early and just make up the data. not a problem i'll do it on the 30th and 31st or can I do it on the plane? great yeah sure you can send it to them when we get there i need to get on internet ok yeah "then I can handle it, Roy...." good deal. ok. so the first to the 8th? yup k let me finish paper and we'll buy actually can we wait til tomorrow? yes better i have to get the ok from my bosses i need to talk to g-mom about it "ok, cool" no problem. awesome.... k bueno k bert k talk to you later xo have a good day :* u too :-* hey.. hi baby on cell phone coming coming one minue oke doke "D" :D MIKEE I AM HERE I AM SO SORRY i'm not worried hi hi hi how is you? i'm ok i'm packed up ready to head off into the sunset oh yeah for boston? yup YAY! have a great trip thanks. so "yeah, so i'm a little disappointed" i am beyond disappointed i am so sorry i think i worked up an excitement to see seth It's not you're fault no need to apologize why don't you still go? i may i may go a little bit later in teh month good good :) the thing of it is i didn't even get my salary raise yet so they told me I couldn't go because of added responsibility and then i got the same pay rate i'd have to say something about that you can fuck with a lot of things but PLEASE don't fuck with my check i know I did they said I would get it and gt retroactive get retroactive pay for my past hours but that's not for two more weeks! i am going to call tomorrow anyway did you get to tell seth? no wanna call for me? :-/ i was going to write him an email i can't get through to dan either on the phone? i hope he's not upset about last weekend no I don't think so but I haven't heard from him either :( a lot of missed connections lately many very man y i went today to pick up my rec letter from Sue and she had called out sick :/ this has to stop though friday is very important and tuesday even more so OH NO "bad luck for you too, eh?" things i yes ll be back on track soon and my thesis advisor is Ignoring me hardcore i betcha by tomorrow SON OF A MOTHERLESS GOAT @ ha ! well the people in the office don't say ANYTHIGN about it they just look off in another direction I hate that no sin greater than ignorance so I'll write you a rec and forge it eh? multiple <sigh>s heh sure! ready one two three SIGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH the good part is that they will accept it after the fact SIIIIIGH love you ok i love you too biscuit biscuit! love you baby bear so where are we now so oke they will accept after the fact that's kool but you have to make sure she has the damn thing am i going to have to kidnap you for a proper vacation? she'll do it k no no i have faith in her i get the feeling i am going to travel ALOT in my life but only when the time comes can't rush these things ok. and besides as george harrison said "The further you go, the less you've traveled" ha my ass is getting ready to go to Japan how's that for going nowhere well i will come and stay with you when you are in Japan and mebbe we weren't meant togo to cali I mean Teddy didn't go and then us mebbe something wierd or something yeah i was def more excited about it that Florida but fuck it me too! it was bad timing well go to the Tanning Salon! ha in flipflops and shorts HA "D" lets! :D yup yup with our sand buckets and shovels and suncreen on our noses hA LOL HEHEHEE LOL and big hats yes yes floppy ones and famous sungalsses glasses sorry big ones and fresh made iced tea oh yes and trashy magazines and a little casio and naked boy slaves OH OK! and NAKED BOY SLAVES LOL and fans and grapes on the vine yes sounds good can u picture it? I CAN! ok so lemme shave my peshe cause we're on our way! oK LOL I feel better already and i'll shave mine too OH KAY HA no wait HA that's for the naked boy slaves to do OH RIIIGHT and pedicures and facials the good kind and waxings not the bad kind yes yes the good kind ok bert mikee when do u leave? 8 tomorrow at night k mikee yes i am going to shit my pants go go go can u hold on? k brb k WHEW i think I shat a baby my lord heh a wee babe a wee liltl babeee you are good candidate for wireless modem i am iam but nOT WITH OUT MY PAY RAISE dammit ha fuckers can u believe that shit? first on Monday Ed (the head) called me to yell at me that he hasn't heard from except to go on vaca and then today he tells me I think it would be bad to go on vaca and then he doesn't pay me for the promotion that is keeping me from going on vacation is anyone else going to be working? well the deal is that my supervisor is going to have a baby and the other person who ran our grant ileft too yes so I really am the only one who knows procedures i understand they could ahve at least paid me ha yes at least and was there any reason for you to speak to ed over the week? i'm guess no no but now I have to be in the office every monday at 9am cocksucker just to listen to his bullshit you know what tho? what talking about it makes me angry ok no more then i am going to see how it goes and if i absolutely hate it then i'll leave yay yay nuff said jej ja so what else i read your thesis right after you sent it to me and i want to read it again oh really? please let me know of errors it won't get sent to print for a while ok i did see a few yeah meagan mentioned a few too lemme know she probably saw the same ones i did all in all i think it went well of course boriing! i liked the parts with your personal experience better thanks so did everyone "but was hard to combine the both, u know?" most difficulty kept tipping the scales yes "too much of one thing, then too much of other" u know? eh always i can't get too much of you nor too much of you my baby bear it made me read a part of my paper again because funny why? well because my advisor had said that there were entire sections where the sentences said nothing and i think yours was more cohesive than mine mmmm but i also think that each sentence i wrote could stand on its own yours was extremely poetic hard to read for weak minds remember what i told you about my buddhism prof? yeah...he didn't get it or was that the econ one? "stop poeticizing"" ""get to the damned point" so annoying see? that's why I said in my email i'm afraid they've edited me down to boring that's what they do i sort of what to see what was missing you will he'll tell you i mean of yours the parts they edited out OH! DUH! sure...um wait i think i threw them away oh no I have em in hard copy i mean was the stuff they cut more of your own opinion or was it more research? no no was too political :P ah MEH academics the WORST god forbid we should be controversial "i know, huh?" well fuck them fuck them is right i am going to BUGG OUT on the weekends now fuck this SHIZA heh good party it up :D yup yup yup mikee love yes i am going to have some alone time now ok before i have to get up and do it agin enjoy it but i'll try and call you tomorrow night at seven will you have the cell? i will k GOOD LUCK spanks call me if you need anything you're welcome spank you hairy nuts LOL piglet biscuit spank you minibar MINIBAR I don't know tired LOL minibar! :D minibar HAHHAAAA JAJAJAAAA jejejejeeeeeee ok ok sleep well u too i love you i love you too xoxooxx :* bi bi tut tut? that b u? oh k talk later xoxox bi bi Zoot? Zeep! zap! Zow! Zuu :P ly u :) HI BABEE HIHIHI hi how the hell are u? i'm GOOD oui howzare you? PRETTY GOOD cramps right now dot dot dot yay i know is a good thing dot came and she got red in the face ew HA :D sol i was in the city today o? beautiful day ur gone now? i know i am enjoying from my porch yup i was supposed to go out tonight but came back to work at home right? yup o wish u were here but mikee yes how was everything? "boston, nyc, etc" it was fun the interviews weren't excellent no? but not bad i don't think i got it though i'm sure u were great why? don't say that even if i did it's a huge decision to make HEY can i call you instead? hey wha sure at home go on 215 755 4472 calling.. k there u are hi stinky hi hello hi hello! how are ye ugh. on the verge... aww from today? seeing my grandmom was FUCKED UP yeah I am depressed death is fucking scary yup it is scary for everyone i just hate it that i left here there without her family it never bothered me in her apartment but when i left her today she was just staring into space laying on her little bed and she said i guess i'll stay here now :'( man is that what she wants? oh mikee i don't think she knows any better it killed me tho she thought i was my mom and she said you are my favorite daughter in law :( is she happy? i mean even from her own persepctive? her mind doesn't go there or she can't express it i think she's SAD she made me sad so i think she's sad "hmm," she doesn't seem troubled though about where she is wow that's tough to consider she would say either way she's used to standing second to her children she never put herself first is there any way to make the situation more to her pleasure? take her home to her family :( and no one is stepping up to do it? no because they have to work and she can't be along alone is she in assisted living? rehab could she go to a place like that where she could make friends? i don't know the ethical dilemma is too much who makes that decision? her children i dunno my dad is a wierdo he said to her I am going to get u a calendar and tomorrow when i ask you'll know what day it is ok? JESUS why is that important? man he's terrified maybe? i guess it is scary but that's what happens? she should live peacefully in a garden really that's all that i'm thinking about i know if her life is uncomplicated to her yup then everything else doesn't matter right i dunno "sad to see, oui?" oui will you be ok? of course i am tired overly dramatic u know maybe time to snuggle up with a movie a book i think i'm gonna watch Empire Strikes Back with my gmom k enjoy! :) thanks np talk to you later ok love call me if you need anything love u k spanks sleep well u too hi stinky hi pumpkin how is ye? i'm good i JUST woke up nice i just got down from my coffee high hah awww coffee!! had to needed to be in the office at nine am :-/ you are there now? i'm talking with burc about work yeah i'm on chestnut u have to go? nope oh i'm confused what's confusing? what are you taking to burc about? (or shouldn't that involve me?) what i should be doing for work hee always different from what we actually are doing TRUE he likes to bust my balls WHY? what an assholew "get a life, no?" i think it just comes natural i think its unchecked agression fucking MEN who needs em i dunno! not me! well mebbe sometiimes but certainly not for talking! for very specific things :D HAHAHA jej love you ja u ok? i'm good i'm great yay good how are you doing this morning? feeling betta? still a little sad but getting much better on the mend! you know that she could still live for many years live happily too that's true "i had a discussion with my boss, Ed about it" "and he said, look, its sucks" but how do you know she's unhappy? so i'm glad i didn't call my aunt or my dad and yell at them because its not their fault right not a whole lot of blame to be had but i guess i can learn how to prepare myself for when my parents go batty just a different situation to deal with out of necessity Ha right who know that we won't go batty first i hope i do mebbe i am! jej not bad for an old bat nopw so what's your plan for today? well i just hopped in the bath ja i'm going to try as hard as possible to avoid coming into the city from now until thursday y? and i'm going to try to keep dan happy money oh until then well... nevermind wha you want me to come visit? i'll come visit no no I am leaving the office soon "i would love, don't get me wrong" but i think you should think about moving to the city must have second job first and then can move k k just think its very schizo for you emotionally too difficult TRUE i could drive u to visit gram i would b willing that's sweet my love and she would love to meet you that's down the road i know you didn't ask my opinion but i think u need to be around peers i'm going to look into some part time museum work hmmm sounds good i will keep eyes and ears open when i looked a few months ago the PMA needed some admins mmmm sounds good i hope so it looks like i'll be in philly for a while yet at least right this minute it does this is something we def. have to discuss... but i gotta run solly :( no problemo call me later if you want to hand out "i'll chat with you tonight, cool?" yes hand out? or hang out? haha ;) jajajaa yes yes k love you! i love you TOO bi bi laters http://www.hoobly.com/pictures/full/QQD42L1UBC86.jpg oMG! HAHAHahahaaaaaa awww isn't he CUTE?! now that's actually cute I want him i know AWW SO WIDDLE look at him i know so get one? look at this one http://www.hoobly.com/pictures/full/VHHLKJZRCY72.jpg he's perfect his paw is white! i know and i want a boy too but i'm sure someone bought this one alread y those pictures are pretty old right that's what you could use your tax return for! i have to ask my landlord first i know how are ya? i'm pretty good working a bit had my morning chat with burciago already k\ i'll let u go i just wanted to show you that. heh are you at the office? not today tomorrow morning tho oke doke almost time for lunch imma gonna go raid the fridge k love you very much i lurve ya too hucklebucket baby puppee HHA YEAH we needs it my precious we dooo talk to u later xo laters :) goin to NYC! oh yeah? yup fun for all ages! hah where are u? in the city oh yeah? whatcha doin? not much really playin around at work what's up with you? wanna hang b4 i go? sure i called out sick of work YAY so you're at home> want me to come get u after the bank? ? yup i'm helping gonzo with a video right now k about what time are you going to leave? for nyc? about 5pm or so gotta go call me when u get a minute oke doke :-* :* hey ya! hhhhheyeyyyy yaaaaaa shake it come on shake it shake it like a polaroid pICTURE :D what a bum bum? boopsy doo? hidee ho! :P neighbor hi bert thanks flanders "whatshapenin, mon?" crazee day for moi et tu? I haven't gotten out of my pajamsas HEH YAY that's awesome sort of i got alot done though cleaned half of the house u should see!!! can eat from the floors HA :D so now we can play !! yeah i want to have a gathering on Fri or Sat oke doke imma gonna hafta be here on Sun which one is better? me too Easter prolly Friday fer me k teddy has a bball game to go to will be a good thing ;) he plays? no no Sixers sorry he Ted at Bball so yeah he's actually pretty good i'm coming into the city tomorrow o? i have to be at work too and pick up my grandmom again yup oh how did it go? the other night? ok actually was fine just sad but we had a good time my unlce made us dinner "very nice, all in all" but got roped into going again tomorrow prolly going to be like that for a while? mmm hmmm but the only reason i've been going during the week is because Jo Ann's in italy bitch O see? heh so listen k some misterious person has been calling me from a 708 area code chicago... no shit but no message nobody i can think of not TR? ha you are like me i duno i think maybe eileen (bean?) oh yeah? but i think bean would leave me a message "only tr wouldn't leave a message, u know?" heh star 69 their ass or i'll call and find out who it is k want the #? "say ""WHO IS THIS" yes gimme k hold brb k ready 708 226 6798 dialing k haaaaa jajaja publishers circulation fulfillment BLAH OH BORING ooooooooooooooo in regards to subscribing to the New York TIMES BOOooo LOL owell "not so exciting, eh?" it's a front stop heh its cool you're sweet i was gonne be like WHO IS THIS darn who ARRRRE YOU i know oh well so u had a crazy day ? yup wha happened i worked i got a box of clothes from my mom i did four loads of laundry nice WOW shit and I saw the Passion oh how was it? "It gets the point across" that's my quote mmmm violent? yes very you think it's too much but it becomes so much "that it's like, OK" so this happened and every time I saw Mary I fucking lost my shit y? So incredibly moving sad like the movie itself wasn't anything terribly special from a technical point of view mmm but the story is just hang on whoa i just picked a boogie and flick it ! wait no! i can't find it clean floors! lol found it yer gonna hafta eat it vacuumed it up :D hahahaa heh it made me think of my mom a lot i betcha i would make me think of mine "so its alot about mothers, eh?" pretty much Mary represents what keeps him going interesting! nutz i was still crying after the movie driving home awww mikee poor widdle nah just the story is amazing you know what though it's something you basically read a lot into like everything i saw in it was completely my own subtext so profound we always cry because of the effect it has on our own subtext yup and you and i really cry when it involves our mothers this one in particular I KNOW ;) and she had to watch that shit <sniff> ja <sniffle> so that's my day hmm well and i'm trying to figure out motorcycle stuff i just wanted to say k say who? oh oh i wanted to say that i want to start the website for my kids soon yo yo i was thinking about that yesterday um hmmm last night before i went to bed want to on Sat ok for a little? sure just a little but ha bit butt a little butt BuTTT wittle LOL but butttttt btttfffff THBBBBBBBBBBBPT :P :D k k so enjoy motorcycle investigations i just wanted to say hi HI HI BI i'll talk to you soonly BUY k k sell mebbe see u tomorrow mebbe yes xoxoxo loves u i lurve ya too! gnight john boy :--* :) gnight mikee-san HEYHEYHEY hi hEY how are ye? busy yeah? oke doke what r u upto? thinking about going to the park going to go joy riding with burc at like 6 wish i could come nice call me later k when you're not so busy will do ok later k love u i love ya too I am in the negatives in my bank account i don't know how i did it! WHY I AM SO BROKE?!?! holy shiza! ugh i just want to die iNONONO i hate money money is NOT worth that i get paid on wednesday but i am having a hell of a time catching up jesus sometimes you're way ahead and sometimes you're way behind right just scares me it's ok to be way behind can't even buy a cup of coffee because it DOES fix itself spanks it does you're right do you have overdraft protection? nope because i have nothing in my savings ha :p :P there goes that :P my moms has a revolving line of credit with the bank that keeps her in business that you could probably get o right mmmm mebbe i will better than a credit card i dunno if they'd give it to me! because you can't actually spend it right right i bet they would lemme see you have regular job right right sort of anyWHO how are ya? i'm good i JUST woke up Maria Easter was hysterical gotta go? oh No No why? my father's family strange? or funny? the inlaws actually funny in a way they like to scream at each other instead of talking so when they get going it gets real loud and then i like subconsciously dressed up like Jesus and carried around my book that they kept thinking was the bible mikee HA "but it was really ""The Satanic Verses" and they had NO clue what that was it's was FUNNY yes? ironic to say the least my brother just called oke to tell me I dropped the title transfer to my car in the street ugh good Lord! like i feel like driving all the way out there this is not your day! and then going to get the damn title changed NO IT IS NOT what can we do to make it better? I just want to run far far awat what do you need cry? nah :( ummm crying is cathartic MONEY but not helpful um SEX um there you go ROCK N ROLL HEH :D but forget it sex in the bushes like the rabbits do "by the end of the week, it will be over" like a bunny wuick quick twitterpated hee seriously forgetting about is great last night was shitty too yeah? but i just sort of ran awa y yeah family no good? when I got in from eating no no not too bad no but when I got in meagan attacked me verbally oh shit some bullshit about her clothes WAIT while I am staring at five different sweaters of mine sitting in her closet wait wha? is this because i was looking through her stuff? NO NO I had her black jacket on ahh and she wanted it fuck her ha yeah i pay all the bills clean the house take care of the plumbing did you give it back to her ? no i went out with it on! LOL LOL did you argue with her? here's the real deal no no what I talked to her very patronizingly because she was being ridiculous SHES FUCKING HUNGRY AND TIRED and her life sucks that bitch is hongry so she was taking it out on me yeah LOL LOLOLOLOL so I went over to Eric's house and how was he? so sweet he wanted me to go see a movie but i didn't go aww we just had a smoke together and chatted hmmm you're back at work this week? ugh yeah full throttle here's what we're going to do when we get our tax returns we're going to BUY hang on k UGH THAT WAS TERRIBLE What? what else today? turn the phone off "my funders called, and there coming to the program" and come over to my house Shit this week? no I really can't babe no they wanted to come today! but I can't (it's for the other YoUth RAP) ok.. they're coming Monday the 26th but guess what what I have an audit that morning for work! MY LIFE SUCKS LOL (maniacal LOL)\ you're really getting the butt end of it today i know tomorrow's gonna be GREAT :P HEH LOLOLOLOL so accept the cosmic correction in it all shut yer trap and march through it I am prolly getting my dues everybody gets them because I was telling my fam that I don't believe Jesus was the savior on Easter jesus is fucking with me ? on Easter yeah your family is fucking with you well they asked ha dude they asked me too and i said "i don't get into discussing it" same thing with politics they were goin ON and ON about Bush and i didn't say a WORD so you got to play your cards extra close for the time being and sleep lots and i promise it will go away thanks i think it will too what are u up to? just waking up i'm gonna make my bed and go eat and then work k i i i'm gonna run too ok i love you sorry there with the i i i LOVE YOU THANK YOU you stuttered ! I feel better LOL good LOL call me if you need me thanks i might love ya :* call me if you need me too fanks :-* laters "You, Kant, Always Get What You Want" LOL but just him hi stinky :) hi peaches how are ya? better u busy? GOOD nope but guess what whgat i dislocated my shoulder playing bball What?! YO i popped it back in OWWEEEE but its hurtin real bad today you did this? no yesterday hahaa the day from hell i'm sorry but what a cursed fuckin day i know i went to bed at nine good idear have you done that b4? yup might do it again 2night! :-/ whut? cuz it's loose? no no sleep at nine OH SLEEP silly me no i don't want to dislocate again so what are you doin today? gotta go to work soon how bout u? how is ye? good just working real good in fact Good! :) satisfied with your work? yup i've been having fun with it for a few days since its raining nothing else to do right cool i wish i could stay in did your kids help you back inside? yeah well they were bugged out hah we broke the teacher! because the arm gets twisted almost backwards :_/ ew :-/ i know how in the hell i had to pop it back in its happened b4 when i was kid maybe a warm bath would make it feel better? hmmm i think i tore cartiledge cause it cliks its not constant pain LOL just cant move it so good it clicks! it does :) OH stop that hurts it does that makes me giggle cuz it hurts so much its like a spring and the strings got really stretched and some of the binding cracked but thankfully the springs didnt break whooo boy i say take the week off and munch on percodans wish i could! heeee yum how bout some frozen cookiedough instead mmmm speaking of which it's time for lunch k ill talk to you latr xoxo love u! i love you too :D ;) http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/4740514/ HHAHAHAaaaa ahaha Ride of the Valkyries for when u get your moto :) LOL heheeee ahhhh hi hi hang on k? k hi I keep listening to the same song on REPEAT so good... which one? Usher see it? yup Get that one or can I send it to ya? so fucking good you can send do you like R nB? some of it k hang on k coming kool so how are ya? good and you? your ears ringin? i wuz chatting about u yeah? i been playing all day how much meagan and i love you aww fanks you're both feeling better? i is genius sometimes heh yup much i figgered out what i was tryin to do YOU BE GENIUS good :D whatsat? i been workin on a website all day my very own did u get the song? oh yeah? kin i see it? you can see part of it hold on oh no song yet k http://neocyde.net/king.png k OH MY that's bootiful thanks it s so slippery i just figured out how to put the grid in the background you are so cool you amaze me child :) "it's called king, eh?" he's the crimson king i just ripped it off hee Heh its now my backgrounf ;P LOL good i bet i'll have it done by tonight did u get usher yup listening to it now dude i don't know why i like it so much but its multi leveled (not the subject matter) but the tones and the singing and the layers sing it sister I AM you like it? :-/ yup really? sure his voice it pretty boy can sing HE CAN MAMA he's the cute one right? yup hang on k does he really have a baby? no OOOo MAMA yummy i'd like to spank him GOOOD come and confess to MEE "MY CONFESSIONS, SHUGA" sang it ooo SAAANG IT GOOD MEEEEEEEEOWW MMMHM look at those abs look at that FACE i wanna bite it oh who cares about his face! I want whats under those undies yum <slurp> <gulp> HEH LOL lol ahhhh men useless for most things except slurp slurp bang banf bang munch munch glub glub squirt squirt mmmm I want a MAN damn heh this song is gettin me horny call one up one is calling me tell the bastard to come home LOL uh oh the cookie doughs comin out of the freezer HEH haha its my substitute who needs a man WHO NEED EM when you've got grandma corbis cookie dough and the hiccups damn yo wha? i downloaded about a gig's worth of music today you did have quite the day no work? they didn't have anyting for me to do the three stooges are at a conference i thought so you've been working pretty hard GOOD those fuckers heh damn these hiccups awww i hate them so one more day of this misery whose misery? rain yup an then sun i'm comin to the city tomoorow oo sundays nice 72 tomorrows windy what time u in city? noonish ooo have to work? yup burciago wants me there o scuse me ha he's been tryin to hold down the fort but i think he's getting taken for a ride oh sometimes i think he believes in it all too much he really wants $$ he's not even getting paid i know I hope it pays off eventually I'll feel bad don't we all choose it TRUE good point OH THESE DAMN HICCUPS BOO uppp dint work ha Genius GENIUS !! :D onward christian soldiers i'm making a mix for Seth but i have 26 songs mom on phone k blah blah blah heh still blah blah blah she misses ya noooo wants to piss me off either way you're right ok off now i am i bothering you? u busy? no bother but i am still playing :D keep on playing 4 eva! ;) Sang it got usher on again dammit this song i love this shit lemme send you one k ! :D read this tho: "Zing! Eminem, of course, just keeps those zingers coming. The one-man feud machine knocked boy bands, Fred Durst, Carson Daly and Christina Aguilera all in one single one song, you'll recall. He lashed out against Ja Rule. Ja Rule answered by dubbing him ""Feminem." k HA hee listen to this too "Rod called Elton John ""Sharon"" and said he should ""lose some timber." Who's Rod? Stewar t sorry "So has moviemaker Quentin Tarantino. His go-round with Spike Lee, for instance, began when Lee complained publicly that Tarantino overuses the N word in his movies -- ""What does he want? To be made an honorary black man?"" And Quentin reportedly responded, ""Lee would have to stand on a chair to kiss my ass." HAHAHA hang on one more "The long-time friendship of Sean Penn and Nic Cage came to a sad end a few years ago when Penn started publicly criticizing Nic's film choices. ""Nic Cage is no longer an actor,"" Penn told the New York Times. ""He's more like a...performer." ! awww i don't like Nic Cage either he sucks listening to shpongle veirf i like the end k i like it it makes me think :) diff than usher! TRUE 4buying this tub of cookie dough was the best id ea i ever had HAHa i need to get u one "ah, i'm still eating those doughnuts" it has MandMs in it OOO doughnuts i have to be careful tho i could eat this whole thing heh dewit NO DEWIT I'll throw up MIKEE perfect <evil> heh you hate it when I exercise caution we need another sleepover me an u oke doke with cookie dough and laxatives YES shhh Meagan will bugg don't say laxative s yeah? she throws up and takes laxatives sometimes STOP no no really its bad Maria she needs to see a doctor i done TOL you she knows she has issues I done TOLE you I did :P she's fucked up that's FUCKED up though i mean no shit that's hospital material she's done it all her life she does it everyonce and a while and calls it "a relapse" i'd relapse her ass all the way to the damned ER ha no joke shuga by the hair of your chinny chin chin hold on have to go vomit HA just kidding do it in her closet LOL u bitch I can see your reaction right now it works on so many levels LOL I liked the end too of that song muy bien the best is after I eat the dough I go and take a swig o milk from the carton LOVE LIVING ON MY OWN HEH such a bachelor then I scratch my balls and burp LOL HAHAHHA just kidding OH DAVE WONT LEAVE ME ALONE! ugh he wants me to go out with him I am going to beeeed unless he wants to come ;) who is dave? Tedi's wierd friend u know Dave right the dancer shaving cream ? what u tink? bring him over and make him squeal like stuck pig LOL u are sick well I am I actually tried but he cant get a ride :P I am evil I went over erics on sunday did I tell u? yes i think so yeah nothing there I am bad at meeting men I am bad at this can u help me? toto? go for the nuts MIKEE !?!? LOL don't forget to push a finger up his arse when he cums friend for life that always brings em back agin yessir i learned that from my pappy I'm sure someone like DAVE would like that shut up ur pappy HAHA i'm laughing so hard now I am ! LOLOLOLOLO L ou my stomach you're making me laugh "oh I met Rian's ""girlfriend" yeah? UUUU-GLY boring and insanely intimidated by me ;) aww she's 19! he is such a fag tho she is right right I forget these things did he try to hide her from you? no but he patronized me the whole time and then kept asking me to go outside and smoke with him cigarettes and he said so what do you think of eileen and I said she's sweet "and he said well shes not as ""cunning"" as you are" and all i thought was cunnilingus? LOL LOL yo we're playing on the same team "o, fellatio!" FELATIO-O-O-O! what u mean same team? that's what i was thinking too well that word AHHAHAHAHAAAA I am laughing so hard again heh next time flick yer toungue at im I will I did wink you know my signature wink n smile sexy sexy sexi mmmm ACHOO have you been flirting with any gentlemans? not me shuga ooo mama u bestta get out there ! after we get me bike ah NOW I SEE MOMMA WANTS TA GET LAID vrooom vrooom boooom booom in the roooom rooom I think the world is at a loss when ur not getting arse reallu really ha i'm a lot easier to be with that's fo sho no that's not true i just think the world is missing us :D horny sonsabitches see thats why the world is so violent because we aint out thar making LOVE get down tonight u said it i miss ye when u can come ovr? friday? is that good 4 u? sure our usual i ain't got shit to do Friday! k :) I gotta work but u can stay here while im goine i hafta work too we'll work it out k Fri nite k lets mebbe go dancing agin ;) YES bump bump bump YES mebbe something a little smoother? ;) shonuff k gonna go to bed ok my love sleep WELL I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU TOO night night g'night john boy gnight horn boy! heh LOL :D heres to us gettin a piece! :P CHEERS TO THAT YES!!!!!!!! bi bi and gay gay goo goo! <smooch> <smack> hi helloo hi! how is ye? Mikee? ya there? :-/ oh HI i went down to have a little lunch how are ya doin? oh I'm back solly runnin "ok, come find me when yer not as busy" gotta run soon kin ah talk you yew tonaaaght? sure lemme ask you something though did your sinus thing clear up? nope stuffed me too oh yeah? i think i'll leave it for a few days before going to the doctor yeah pretty bad mee too could be just a cold mebbe we caught it from imri :P HEh drrrty and his peeps and wes! poor Weston y? "I'm drunk" he said that to me like 4 times i know :0 :) ok call me later if you feel like it I'm dowtown right now going home then to school with the kiddies BUT I REAALY FEEL LIKE CRAWLING INTO BED UGH maybe good idea? my snot is yellow not good mine is green heh we should paint with them and i cant breath from my nose make a spring picture I KNOW ugh ask and see if you can do it tell them you don't want to get your kids sick what paint with snot? ask where? YEAH oh skip work you mean yeah nah its cool ok "its monday, I don't teach anywho" I just play ahh I'll let the kids play :D :) k tty later goota go now laters love ye love you i am so broke! i hate it :P stop! you got a check! member? i kno i wanted to put it in an ira all of it but now i need it some of it OH WELL don't worry about it thanks i just wanted to say hi lo how are ye feeling? hallo better i went to doctor oh yeah? good 4 u! yes he hooked mama up OH GOOD suga and you ? much better been eating fruits and veggies yay i'm working outside today my yard is beaUtiful oh i know so nice good I wish I could stay home but I gotta run errands gotta go to Penn dum dum dum and get a book so I will talk to ya later oke just wanted to see how things were goin love ya love you! fanks :) :) xoxox <smooch> snot smooch bye bye laters mikee I SLEPT FOR FOUR HOURS LAST NIGHT I FEEL LIKE A FREAKIN ZOMBIE i think i need to go swimming whoa how come sweet bean? my mind is racing with useless thoughts "mebbe caffeine, too?" could be i dunno bolted awake at 2am haven't slept since hmmmm anywho sorry i shou;dn't start out like that LOL i'm sure ur busy no worries :P :) solly how're ya doin? do YOU sleep well? crazy dreams again heh i think mebbe I don't need sleep "hibernation over, ya think?" we should play all night hmmm oo there's burciago k i'm fan of sleep gotta go now mee too are you ok? I am actually fine just annoyed by these thoughts :D swear fine I'll tty l8r go do yo THANG shuga ok lover maybe go to the park today yeah? gonna do yoga good me too "k hasta la vista, mikee" love u i love you too xo thanks enjoy the day u too lover meeeeeeeeeeeeeow heh "Call Number: 510/B/DUD/2003 Title: Civic Education, Civic Engagement, and Youth Civic Development Authors: Robert L. Dudley Alan R. Gitelson Date 2003" she loved the painting INbelieveable OH yAY how was the partee? LO? OH it was fun...rushed my sister and law doesn't know the meaning of sit and chill out AHHH was she surprised? she was pissed but then she was okay heh just like you said when you're a child of abuse you don't like surprises so how are ya doin? good waiting for this lady to show up for my audit long day today riiight audit and site vist ugh you're ready for it right? HOW ARE U? yeah yeah ready i'm GOOD doing laundry i slept and read all day yesterday lucky bastard satanic verses? YES it's so GOOD it is i put it down though cuz i want to spread it out can't wait to give u midnights children HE right HEEE miss ya i miss ya too THANK YOU For this weekiend I had so much fun this weekend LOL so did I we MADE something gotta go audit hi audit was ok good! it's over now? yup I goofed a few things but nothng that can't be handled i bet it was nothing major no didn't get caught and the lady REALLY liked me oh yay! that's the most important thing how you doin? i'm good s.o.s. sos? same old shiza need help? HEH thats funneee what you doin for rest of day? "site visit at 2:30, and then dunno" why? whacchu doin? laundry and working maybe a nap lucky bitch depends on your p.o.v. right I just dont feel like doing all this paperwork :P i have this dogwood tree outside my window that's amazing shred it and tell them that your dog ate it they might say the same of my paycheck :D haha ok babe I gots ta go k ! enjoy your day xoxo :* tty l8er u too hi lil quark hi how are ya? swamped...but great how is u? good! in bed swamped with work? yup but its kool i am being bad in your name ha good no I AM REALLY DOING IT IN UR NAME :P OH on your reflective wait looking at profiles what are you doing? not sending any messages reflective people k :P "you have to be careful, because i'm a moderator" not writing anything dont worry ok ill get off just looking at wes profile ;) ha ha you think maybe we should hang out with him again? ummm ummmmmm dunno :-[ skirddd Y wes is a big ol softy little baby girl scared of new thands thangs :-/ bsides "says here ""likes petite women" that aint me shuga ;) ha he likes little asian girls oh well the DEF aint me ! i don't think he ONLY likes little asian girls hmmmm freakt yup if i send him a message will u get in trouble i think its in ur name Qubittteee :P whew I am hoRMONAL register a name for yourself um he'll just get confused if it comes from me "well I could put it for me, no?" "ok ok," I'll register but I am not promoting endless streams of electronic music :P no one expects that? k how to do ? first log out then k try to log back in it should have a register link k hold please LOL wha? LOL? hold please operator give me number nine! username hmmmm goldengirl? roo\ Roo? WHY cuz my childhood nickname too cute... k Morgaine La Fey LOL WHAT? oh fit of coughing ack! hack! How about Maria I did roo how about Chihiro? OooOoO not bad MISTA AHARRRIS LOL LIP MY STOCKING prease LOL LOLOLOL Let me GO MR HARRIS PREASE! LOL WHAT? best scene evar LIP THEM LIP THEM "thanks, sufer girl" EVAR? duh Like Evar like duh um what is ICQ UIN ? ICQ is like AIM no have this Mr. AHARRIS I member no no have don't need hold please operator prease interests: "huffing spray paint, worthy hip-hop music, jamaican riddims, indie films, fuzzy slippers, clean sheets, sneaker sales at half off, masturbating female pornography and silent lesbians- also hanging out with young people and trying to impart them with nuggets o' wisdom. (The former and the latter are not one in the same)" ha wait I better put something about boys because they are REALLY going to think I am a dike wait there's another fucking Michael Edgcumbe in this world NO stop WOW call him mebbe hes gay! :D ha he's 21 get him now ok I am taking out the porn part that's too easy no the porn part is good he's in the UK nah what if I run for public office? GET HIM Your signature: "True words are often not pretty, just as pretty words are often not true. -Japanese proverb" mine? I hear the damn mouse no no my signature for the thing ah oh OK I am in baby great Chihiro I should get a pic of her damn ? you cant steal them i had a rip of the dvd you can off those theres a pic with her and the friends I WANT IT http://disney.go.com/disneyvideos/animatedfilms/miyazaki/index2.html take a screenshot and cut it out k how to do ? shift option 3 i think no umm no use Gran Grab in the accessories folder where sys pref ? no in the applications folder ahh utilities k wanna see? sure didn't come through mikee? lost ya the picture didn't work shit o well I can't post anywho because I don't have a url i can put it on my server k going to email it to u k but we'll finish tomorrow Im tired and Im sure so are u aye i sent it but don't think u got it yet nope o well forgit it sleeeeeepy tty l8er love yuuu love you too bye peshe bye bye oh there it goes you'll get it soon xoxox k hi shspongle hi u ok? ;-/ i'm ok how are you? fine where are u? on my couch oh I thought if u were in the city i would come and git u oh thanks darling but stayed home what are you up to? i acutally have to go errands to run but I wanted to see if you was in the city OH! and we are not going to Dick until Sunday because the show is Sun nite but Burc is saying call him 2morrow wants to hang out anywho I am sorry to keep talking but I gotta run I love ye I will tty later love you too k u sure ur aight? well call me if you want... xo hello neighbor the ass man! ha ha! I see you hiiii I heard about you oh yeah? and you had the balls to bitch at me for looking good and there you go WHAT gettin ass it was goood ass too and I didn't even get any motherfucker was talkenter GOOD! talented talented wow that's great yeah i missed ya tho I am really glad you went and stayed then Maria we have to talk about this do you leave 2day? trip nope thurs i'm in the city wha trip? sown south? going to call tedi oh so am I maybe go see movie yes yeah teddy is off today everyone has free time except for me how late do you work? 2night? yup til seven whoa but I have work to do tonight :( at home MEH i wanna PLAY and cavort and gossip Maria me too Kate's boyfriend but I can't tonight is a fag oh yeah? OH NO shut up a really fucking cute one too does she know? oh she knows i couldn't even look at them all night but its not causing a problem cuz i would laugh and OH NO i had to keep my PAWS OFF like cute like i'm still thinking about him cute but not that much but a little ooo butterflies in stomach flitter flutter i didn't even talk to him! that's SO fun but wait how can she date a fag? I would HATE that she does hate it "but she says he makes here feel very ""comfortable" anyway we got to dish in person come over 1218 chestnut 7th floor k coming now? sure k just tell the lady out front that you're looking for me k I'll intro duce you to the exec and well talk about the website mebbe (BS 'em) great k cu soonly yup k have to pee hey hi can u give me a call on my house phone? u busy? k nope need the #? sure 215 755 4472 :) thanks shit one sec no go? oh sure np take yr time trying to use a calling card k k ah ha! waiit cant find the phone LOL ahhhhhhhh] I cant find it I am screamin hold on call back when I tell u OK SORRY I fount it dammit so sorry no worries mikee maria i talked to wes for an hour last night :D no shit yup I just fucking said this isnt going to happen unless I make it happen so I wrote him awesome and he told me he'd cut off his toe for my number LOL so I gave it to him that's wes very flirty and dirty is wes told me he likes licking :-/ ooo lol he's a cat did you get that much? giggleeee yup he wants to come over tonight! ack so bring him over he's a darling seriously too soon serve him tea very afraid i will and rub his balls! LOLOLOL LOL no woder you're afraid just kidding at first I wrote him all mysterious and he was WAY off as to who I was so I told him and he said "don't play a joke, ok?" ha "he was like, is this Mikee?" darling i'm getting bombarded with questions from work i got to sort this out today is nuts k do what you have to do enjoy! just call him over to play (kids play)... i'll talk to you about it laters k love u i love you too xoxo hi peshe hi the day is DONE! thank the sweet lord good for you u still working my ass off k tty l8r love u love you too laters can I ask a question? what's up do u pay for an aol account? i don't but many do how do you do? "you would probably sign up for the ""bring your own access"" plan on AOL" .com k no no how do YOU DO? through your dad? do what get for free gertie i don't o :-/ k i'll leave u alone what do you need AOL for? I AM GETTING CHARGED ON MY PHONE BILL for AOL? that's not right I know it's because its a free account and its gone past its time and they charge on my phone i'll figure it out... k sorry kill bill 4pm tomorrow with tedi? i'm going to be in TN i thought so teddy is retarded going sorry xo :* :-* u got an A?!!! yup unexpected congrats!!!!!!! fanks :D feelin anymore rested eh not bad how you doing? good slowing down... good hard tho how bout u? kind of spacey mmmm gotcha i think i'm going to do some shopping listen i k gotta go too! congrats love u i love you too bi bi beeeebeeeeee laaaaaters mikee u busy? in the bath what's up :-/ hung out with Wes... yeah? how was it? my connection died "no problem, beee" so how was it? "if u want, we can talk later" :D it was fine but please don't tell anyone we didn't fuck or anything! just made out... but he fucking started it HAha wha? :) "i had to give him twenty minutes of ""quit being afraid"" last night before he would come over" I heard he didn't act afraid I showed him my room and I was about to walk back downstairs and he pulled me on to my bed! :o scandalous very did you have fun? I was very timid tho because I didn't want him to bugg out and feel guilty LOL lord u know? of course I had fun it's nice to feel sexy and loved or liked a lot ... did you talk or just smooch? talk mostly of course...it's me!! good how is u good going to be a busy bee today whatcha doin? mee too my room is a wreck errands i'm going to clean it oh yeah? cool and i'm going to work pretty hard today at home...right? yes finally "a lot to do, eh?" just clean up work nice finishing my list nice good luck I have to pay bills n shit tomorrows the bill day for me ugh hate it I have all these car issues tho but listen thanks for your eyes I MEAN ears ugh I am tired no rest for the weary? no no 3am wes left ahhhh will you see again?> he wants to but balls in his court ;) balls haha Bawls speaking of his balls were a hue of blue he kept saying that good lord that's more than i was aware of did you see them? LOL no "I didn't let it get that far, babe" I have my dot anywho ahh some guys dig that but mikee not wes I can tell but mikee I am confused he didn't want to do anything and then he says I can resist u .. ok here's trouble with wes : he's not ready to let the anxiety go over what isn't happening right now so problems ensue k I have to be really careful with him I told him about teddu toot but he's actually not as mature as I am nope he doesn't do what he wants alot still pleases other people not in that respect no yes right :) ha :D miss u i miss ya too come over to my house I want to! I got a lotta shit to do give me a day... and we'll work something out k mebbe sunday? mebbe so k good luck getting everything done today fanks enjoy your day u too thanks again for listening to all this bullshit haha my pleasure bye bye peas laaaters carrots :D just to let u know it's going to be 90 degrees today... :_/ :-/ whoa bi bi wanna hang out on saturday night after trees party? brb k sorry on the phone cholly my apologies no no sorry :) hi done though HI k HI :D peshe how are ye? great!?! u? GOOD GOOD so i'm going to new york! for the weekend? yup tomorrow k "oh, then hanging out tomorrow night is out, eh?" yeah... k solly no problem! who are u going to NY to see? Tom Ruth ahhh enjoy! we're going to edit video fanks ok going to be fun sounds fun it sounds it he's taking me to q party on sun night queer= q? yup OOOO :P i kno ! :D aighty then... well saturdays out. sniff fine then awww leave me again :P AWWW heeee you want to come with? just kidding I can't the damn party OH right Tree tell her i said boobs Treetis "" heee I will mikee I want to hang out with wes tonight dew it but I told PJ and teddy that I would hang out with them in the burbs aawww PJ but I will see them tomorrow night I know PP but I will see him at Trees party k so no big d go see Wes good answer ! ;P :) "Wes calls me the ""lil plotter" no I mean how to tell P and Tedi oh cause of me and u dammit I told him that it was me... GOOD cuz it IS HA no I told him the initiative was mine :-/ why u mad? oh hells no just that i don't like being in middle like riding bike without training wheels for him "you're NOT in the middle, love" good u are mutually loved by both of us ha :* i miss ye all is well COME OVER TO MY HOUSE do u? today? yes I can't dammit I got shit to do... WAIT I HAVE AN IDEAD IDEA whatsat oop IDEAD ha hA ook so I took off work today\ right oh yeah? oui then I do the suburb thing today and come and see u tonight I tell teddy and P that we have to work on this website and you ll be gone so I gotta go and see u buahahahaaaa do much lying? No lying involved I mean just selective truths TOO much lyric crafted ah k sounds good to me i ain't doing shiza today i think for once i'm ahead of game "Billy Idol, eh?" good HA yes YO i bought new speakers I'm so fresh and clean they're nutz OH!!! I want where do you get all this $$ nigga? decided no bike left over tax return STOP PLAYIN no shit got the license wha happened found out what i needed to right basically no one i know has ever ridden and not laid one down and i have zero interest in being skinned from head to toe no... LOL sorry :-/ sorry to laugh fact o life it's fine ! nugget o wisdom thing is i know i can do it if i chose to u can and i choose not to u can fear is gone good mikee yes please don't get a vesper LOL :( no Vespa either k but i might still get helmet sheeeew u need one LOL just for everyday action LOL OLOLOL Wes says we get issued by state :) he keeps writing me telling you what doll when can I see u...when can I see u? he goes head over heals ugh I want to see u...blah blah... I hope this is over in two months! this girl is GOING TO BE PISSED LOL yeah she might and I don't know how long I can hide it from TOOT whoa he was sniffing me out last night so you two need to just get to bizness no SHIT or maybe not at all...feel me? i do bite him long as you have meeting of minds best for you two lately i've been typing like russian no articles " had so much fun with you... I don't regret any of it. And I'll be damned if I'll let anything get in the way of hanging out with you again. " heh good RUSSIAN this is overcoming fear for him too dressing... mmmm Salad baba Mikee ha old chumch I ain't afraid nigga he is I ain't afraid of SHIT u should see me I blow his whole head up LOL chamcha i know this so good :P \evil yo he's much older than us too not much bee bee <double evil> 27 i can not imagine my headspace in two years dear very evil are we me niether in three for me right? OH MY GOD "On a side note: yeah I took care ""of myself"" but damn!... my balls still hurt! *places frozen peas of crotch* Soon... very soon... we'll do more fun things. sleep well, kitten. LOL :D i like his smile and his wide eyes he looks like cheshire cat he does but he's built exactly like... TR oh yeah? yup a once fat kid "well, this is an upgrade" if you ask moi HEEE MUY MUY better very much better MUY CALIENTE suga gretyl wha? u strange Gretchen so u gonna get a piece o ass this weekend or what? gretchen? prob not says i y? just the way things go depends on outfit LOL how shallow eh no wait prob because i never expect to cept when i go out alone want me to pick u up and we go shopping on main line? gotta stop at salon wanna come to salon with me? hmmmm complicated k only because np i'd have to pick up check downtown? that i was going to wait till monday to get yes ok np then just thought it be fun if you came yeah? yeah go see all the old fags LOL you come get me? yeah sure :D K let's do it k I need to clean myself and do yoga not in that order oke doke i got to call work k see what they have for me we can stop by there ok fanks k I I I'll get done and chat with u in like an hour... yay! gotta call outta work k :D :) YAYA fun fun fun he YA shake it shakin it ha k "lemme do some shit, and I'll get back to u..." k call me at house k will do.. going now peshe I LURVE YA I LOVE U :D :) peshe k k soonly k k k P P k k going now... going going gone hi babe hi r u in the city? nope change of plans k tomorrow? tomorrow :( won't be able to meet ya oh well apologies my love not your fault1 ! ;) how are ya doin? OK sounds like your morning is meh it is I was happy but these cops are scaring me I don't want them to catch the fact that my car isn't registered here (suburbs) :-/ OH HELP IS RIGHT I need somebody not just anybody ... you want to come over today? can'y :( work! gotta go ... k haven't gone since thurs wish i could wanna hang out on Fri ? Fluid? sure ! Yes ! k what's going on there? funk rock but I just wanna dance and forget all this shit keep on dancin...keep on movin :D cletus all righ mama we'll shake a tail feather thanks that'll be fun yesssssss u busy? talking to burc k holla if you get the chance... holla holla k love enjoy your day u tooo xoxo :* kiss now burc is talking to me heh imma get out of bath hee ok :( my family is coming in on friday night maybe we can take with? wha happend? oh! all of my cousins are coming who? just for that night no no is fine... Mary and Lee and Ben and Lindsay and Josh and Kay woe is me i think they can come with though they would like it u do what u want no pressure i want to come but i have to be with them no questions whatever works best love thats what u do! ;) oke doke :D :) how was th fag spot? oh that's a STORY AND A HALF that you must hear in person YES!!! oh that is great did u wear the flower? YUP i looked great YAAY bitches i yo though the most hot men in one place i've ever seen i'm sure you looke dhot oh my it's like NY struck there were so many hot guys nobody could possibly be the hottest heee cept u i settled with being ht ebest dancer thats m' boy! :D my widdle twista! k imma have breakfast k xo :E that's my toof ? LOL toof Imri toof RIGHT the secret Imri smily oh Imri is so sa d :E :E because his love of his life left :( k to be a stripper in ibiza let u go right CRAAZY nutz tty l8r go eat k l8tr mikee I have extensive knowledge of semiotics maria i figured that was baasically the basis of my masters :) with your specialite right that's why i think you and Ian could kismet that's what I try and teach hmmmm I'll let u introduce tho not wes i think i met ian anywho blondish...right.... "ok... he's one of Wes's best friend, and i only know him secondariloy" nope asian OH THAT KID yea yea ok I am thinking of Albert? :-/ dunno Yup that's Al his roommate who is better DJ than Imri if you ask me mmmm "o yea, Al is?" i think so he has better music well specifically one mix of his is in my top 10 of anything I'd like to hear mikee maria we made up a new name for your company me and toots Smiling Slaves HA :F LOL heheee good job toot HEY I made it up and toof and :F one toof :F LOL LOL k LOLOLOLOLOL let u get back to grandma sorry upstairs in bed o word? going to digest nice trying to work some but ... meh meh I know I gotta do work tho gonna go love u! xoxooxx peshe love you too :D :D haaaaaaaaaalllllllooooooooooo? idle idle time? u there? :-/ guess not peshe :F hi hi doopies how are ye? good! the kids were fun but I saw a little doggie get hit by a car oh no was it ok? no I DUNNO ded? I was on my way to work oh and I saw it run past my car and then an SUV hit it awesome it hit the tire and laid in the ground :( so what else is going on not much cookin din din what are u up to ? :F TOOF going to play video games at ur house? yes k have fun ur day was OK? [retty good good mikee yes i love you i love you too toof :) toof heh tty soon! ok lately ahhaa! there u are strangelove... DAMMIT MIKEE? WHERE THE HELL? :( arg HI hi AAAA on the phone r u ok? with work eh o sorry :-/ no i'm off now somethings wrong i can tell nothing new shit at work "yeah, i hate talking to them" i want to quit quit then maybe i will go ahead we'll find u another job can't spend your taxes tho ... gotta go slow already did :D nice quit tho we'll fin you a job or let's find you a new job by July how about that? :) no bridge burning ? better not to k but be very sanctimonious and snibby snobby until you quit we'll find u a new piece how are you doing? GREAT MISS U TO DEATH but I feel like you want to be alone eh i'm ok went shopping this morning for clothes? toys I gotta do that too o? gameboy? nope a keyboard :-O a small one for my child nice! :D we filled up the pool YAYYAYAYAYYA is your fam there yet? nope tomorrow :D u don't have to bring them to the city we can hang next weekend or something OH! and I wanted to tell u ALex (the claw) I gave him your # but he's leaving Philly yeah at the end of the summer right? no :( Wednesday of next week sorry oh ha oops well no big deal really but he said he wanted a friend when he stopped back in mmhm :P MIKEE MARIA I am watching a tape of me and tree from eleven years ago or more.. AWwwww no shizzy "IT""S HYTERICAL" She is playing Mrs. Peshe Hair AHAHAHA WHA? on TAPE? yes and I did a sex commerical and my name was SANDY it's so funny YOU HAVE TO FUCKING SEE IT are you at your house? the show is called the Tootie Bumps show yes Mikee this is ridiculous its hysterical I am crying even 11 years ago this stuff existed LOLOL haha it's actually older OH MY GOD U CAN HEAR MY MOM VACUUMING IN THE BACKGROUND HAhAH how did you get the camera/ ? my dad had one OH MY GOD we sound exactly the SAME has she seen it? not since 1994 now its me I am a nun Sister Gertie Anna Cheese ! HAHA whaaaaaaaat OH MY GOD call me at hiome so u can hear k OH MIKEEE this is unbelieveable meow? rowr hi i hhave a question? oui? can u e me the codes for dvd back up sure dvdv2onex and roxio toast DVD2oneX 1.3 SN: 555555-1968-4901-1625-0707-5771-0535-1355 Toast Pro 6.0.3 UF-CJF8L-5PMWF-LDFR7 thanks any others for dvd back up? hmm that one dasn't show up k no problem "thanks so so much, bee bee" np love u ! love you too gnight peshe hair gnight sister gertie anna cheese oMG ? love you so! ha can't believe u remembered romantic horoscope for capricorn (Month of may): "Brief, casual flings might run their course from the 20th to 26th. As long as each is satisfied, both can part as friends. You talk a good game from the 27th to 29th, partly because you're so convincing and partly because you mean every word. Your waiting is over by the 31st, whether your intended says yes or you find someone even better." :-/ ha who's betta? no idea? sylvester ? wha happen? stallone YUM member that dream? that's what i'm sayin :) he's a comin mama how you doin doop? you best watch out oh yeah? where? on the 31st we gonna be sittin on the porch yellin his name somebody new then ok I can handle that i'm a little run over how are you? that would be phenomenal haha yes sss I would be if my head wasn't in the cloud s OH (sigh) but I just wanted to see how you were because I know sometimes the drinkikng throw you off balance "yes, we feels like roadkill my preciouis" LOL i put in my a/c mentally too? yeah I have to too mostly mental heh wanna talk? sure hey bibi wha? old chumch old chumcha heh Solly Solanka (oh that's from fury) sister g.a.c. LOL wait til you see that shizzz u are going to die "heh, we should have viewing party" there's one part of it I want to sample ok I will call cousn no problems yes yes ! there's a scene from my confirmation i wanna watch her watch it in catholic church No Shit and the childrens choir is singing this tape is practical goldmine and you hear someone fart! will be useful for senate campaign LOL OH MY GOD LOL LOLOLOLOLLLLLLLLLLLLLL i think it's my dad :D too much! LOLOLOLOLOL phtpt very puffy fart speaking of pfffft I have to poop pewp go poop "thanks, seth" \k brb k k back that wasn't a good poop but I think cause of the alkihole no? slithery loosy goosy mmmmm not clean and hard nah not loosy and sassifying more slothy right slouchy I like when it comes right out "and it feels DONE, u know?" right empty innards sorry that's disgusting right no no clean colon just poop right so... yes whasa happenin hot stuff? telling burciago about our epic weekend oh boy tell him mike is sad i guess yeah i have to wait to talk to mike yeah? because I feel angry at him and I don't want to yell for his expectations? Mikee Iyes yes I have to tell Tedi about Wes yes or just yes introduce do you really need to explain ? Honestly I want Tedi's advice wow but I don't know if that's fair I know that takes balls Tedi def has them member with TR? vaguely and I feel a little better knowing that he's hooking up with BOYS OH you weren't here then LOLOLOLOL last yeat I went and saw TR LOL "I know, but girls too apparently" and I tedi had to accept that I told him um i disagree tedi didn't have to accept that even though you told him to good that he DID accept that "but, if he does so at your will instead of his, then he marginalizes himself" becomes your proverbial bitch mikee yes\ i talked to wes tho about his guilt thing and ? I feel better I don't know if he does tho :P ha hee so you're going to make the effort ? nope first of all do you want to talk about this or are you tired of it? because we don't have to talk about it do you need to talk about it or are you ok with it? I want to write it out tell me and I can do both with you u sure? sure because I can just write it oh well so here goes after sex last night I said to wes your body turns me on and he immediately jumped up and put his underwear on ! so I didn't say anything whoa I know so then he goes to put this stupid movie on and I sat up and shut my powerbook slammed it shut and he stood there with his mouth open and I said NO NO deflections good and he said ok can we at least smoke a cigarette? "no problem I say, and start getting dressed" so then I said to him Wes you're never going to find what you're looking for if you don't have it yourself and he said "I'm just mental, I can't help it" ARGH "so I said, I'm surprised at you Wes" I thought you were smarter than that ! and walked downstairs leaving him in his underwear "(and of course, I looked gorgeous)" heh :P so he rushes down and sits on the step and sighs and I said what are you looking for? he said someone to finish my sentences for me and Misa does that and I said so you're lazy then? ha :D man what? I was zinging him yeah I had to I let him fuck me that's a big dea; l yes for me at leadt least :0 :F ttoof LOVE U TOOF i love you toof but then I knew were beating around the bush again and even tho wes CLAIMS he hates an elephant in the room I said Wes I am falling for you and I know you are falling for me but it's not my feelings are not your responsibility I mean my feelings aren't your responsibility just as you can't hold me responsible IF YOU WON'T ALLOW YOURSELF TO FEEL YOURS :-o "here is your mirror, go stare at it for a while" TOUGH huh? did he have a response? deflections kept saying silly shit but he did say but the thing is I am falling for you know now but I might be falling for Misa in a month :( I dunno mikee I don't think I can love this man there are too many obstacles he has terrible addictions and he loves them yeah and he doesn't want to be completely open he's scared "i think it is good to do for the sex and attention, but i really don't think you're going to enjoy dragging him out of his headspace" no it's not even that I won't only enjoy it it's not possible while I could definitely rock Wes' world he wants Misa because she is prolly funny and smart but as he told me she's a pothead he wants someone with just as much honesty as he's willing to take and I am too much for him ! I AM SO FUCKING CONCETED no darling that gets right to the point of it you are definitely too much for him he's afraid his head is going to break open as long as I remember this your right and fitting everything you tell him inside of it at once scares the shit out of him right "the words i'm concerned with are , ""i might... in a month" what kind of bullshit is that but my heart will still be broken I know he wants to love this girl so so what babe? he's committed to her i'm saying he needs to hold on to those things he thinks that is BOND u know? ha he hasn't had his Tedi relationship he's only had his TR get it? i'm saying recognize him for what he really is right now and how that is NOT what you want or need or would fulfill you and keep your heart intact the mind understands that but perhaps the greatest mystery of our being is that the mind speaks a different language than the heart :-/ and we tend to follow the heart sniff well I'm gonna be fine now don't you worry it's basically impossible not to love a person like that because you know the potential right but I think Wes doesn't want to go there it's not even a possibility in some ways he's a hypocrit u know? "yeah, he knows better i think" choosing to remain a child when he knows he's a man he's still the fat kid hiding behind drugs alcohol his cat his fear i think maybe he wasn't as afraid before and let himself slide into it his last relationship? or when we first met? before that OH I SEE that makes sense we slide into these things as we get older gotcha "yeah, Bowling for Columbine syndrome" LOL you're so smart so what to do next? love him like I have cancer? LOL like this shall die in a month? :P one thing tho that needs to asked once more what two things actually first ARE YOU SURE THIS GIRL ISN'T THAT GOOD LOOKING? yes very SWEAR? i swear :F toof toof? why does it matter LOL mikee don't think like a friend right now k think like a fa fag :P "you are superior to her in many, many ways, the LEASST of which is your physical beauty" Thank you I just want to say you are superior to everyone in EVERY WAY ALL THE DAMN TIME :D meh what's the second question swear it oh do you find it interesting that he MIGHT see her in a month? that she hasn't set the date yet? what's with that? that's a tougher one if it were me it wouldn't suprise me because we operate on instinct but it's not me and if it's really that uncertain up to the fates to decide whether it happens "what you mean, instinct?" probably means it's not that set even if she DOES come you mean she'll come when its time that's what i would do but i'm not so sure that's what's happening "he sees it as set, babe" seriously he says that at least to me thing is hmmmm would it really be that much of a struggle if it was an intended thing? yes I see that but wes wants a human to cuddle with not his cat anymore so he's going to find a female feline who'll cuddle up with him when he's wasted and just purrrr and he's going to upend this poor girl from TEXAS to have it? he's so everywhere YES if she wants to move here he thinks this is it she should fucking move here of her own accord I swear I think he wants to marry this girl deep down MEH so boring I wish I could talk to Ian about this but I don't think that's fair what do you think Ian could offer? background on Wes yeah that's what i thought and just insight that you and I don't have I want someone else to tell my WHY this girl is runing my groove thang! :P hahaha Maria yes? in the absence of Misa the situation would be exactly the same she is only a very small part of his fear TRUE the situation is not what I am frustrated with it's my lack of a REAL chance because of SOME TOOFY GIRL haha LOL she's got some teeth on her too :F OH NO :E that kind LOL MIKEE yes u are too much so I dunno um i getting mixed messages from you too but it is mixed but I am OK u know? I feel like I will be hurt but I will be AIGHT u know? yes i was about to say this is the type of mess that we choose to make our lives interesting with it's the drama we crave that we don't need or really want after the fact right but now we have net nets (each other) yes darling maybe we should get into extreme sport s then we wouldn't lust after strange people LOL midgetwrestling LOL :F Mr.s Peshe Hair's school of high diving http://www.kingstroker.com/ extreme sports sorry hard to run there np oh my gosh what did you send me to? haha waiting for it to load but listen I gotta do something for about five minutes "wanna hold, or gotta go?" i'm just sitting here werkin k brb k mikee LOL I got the pics :P heh u are bad :E I don't think she's busted i told you :E her teeth :B are something LOL MIKEE OMG what u are silly "she's pretty, mikee" eh she's very thin not like you are AW my baby thank you I am very distinctive most people don't look like me but I have a toof too :F na no teef on you tits tho those ok sure wow thanks for that np you wanted I wanted to know what the deal was yeah she looks very sweet innocent really not dirty at all she is tho heh from what i kno oh well who cares wes looks good with her I am glad for him ... wha i'm glad you woke me up i need to work for these ppl oh k slaaaaave "did u watch mr, show yet?" nope have to didn't have the brain for it but get to work later mebbe love you thanks so much! love you too YOU MIGHT AS WELL FACE IT "YOU""RE ADDICTED TO LOVE" heh hee bi loveeee who can make a rainbow? smiling in your hand? the candy man can? the CANDY MAN CAN cause he makes people smile and makes the world taste good :P wow wha? I know I am being silly that was a shot in the dark LOL you made me smile good mission accomplished :D :) :F toof how are ye toof good toof u? good! are u workin? yup animating i love animating ah haa!! sounds facinating it's a LOT of fun heh sounds cool what are you doin? watchin willy wonka debating whether or not I should make Wes come over heh heh :P willy wonka again? yeah the beginning this time you have on tape? no no amc channel OH on again I've never seen the whole thing oh that was one of my favorites as child only read the book I can imagine It's toot's favorite oh mikee I can't wait til you see the movie of me and tree haha bring it over I will when should I come? saturday? :D yes sunday monday tuesday ok saturday it is you'll be here fri nite? friday day but going to come home me thinks no goin out fri night? :( no plans to k the boat party is that night what boat party? reflective OH yes oh well i thought we might do sisters or something mmmm or BUMPEE with Tree? :( she's going to shore no sorry u really wanna hang with her don't u? I will tell her that yup we'll go a dif weekend k I don't want to pressure you to hang out sorry i just like you no pressure you're my peshe fanks peche hairs so everything is good yeah? yup yup mee n toot talked and we are fine i just listen and told him i thought i was very big of him but listen tedi wrote to wes on the forum no shit and wes knew it was him and he loved the message haha what the hell did he say? I'm trying to find it... where's wes' thing about fear which forum? general "might you know, love?" k hold please ha k wait I can't find it mebbe he sent it as a personal message was it nice? but he told wes that you must face conflict because otherwise it can land you on your face rather than your back or something and then he said with irony often enemies will become great friends ;) "There is an old Chinese proverb that reads, ""In every gain, there is a loss and in every loss there's a gain"" Fear is like that. Even the most brave fear something. Weights and balances, my friend. Fearing conflict is really the worse, though. Your others are just trivial things. Specifics that heal, like everything else, with time. But conflict, fearing conflict is the most debilitating of fears because it leaves you in a constant state of retreat. I write you this now really because a very good friend of mine shared in your phobia, and then one day, he simply dropped off. It really hurt me, and in some ways still lingers, because I never knew the reason why. And when we are left to our own devices to solve something that we simply cannot solve, then one's fear of a temperate conflict leaves another with lasting scars. All I am saying is don't fear conflict. Avoiding the situation brings greater suffering, and makes it last. You only go through this passage of life as this entity once, so why hide from it? Chase your windmills, motherfucka! -Don Q." that? yup but wes must have looked up his name because he said on the phone how does teddy spell his name and i said tedi? why? but tedi had already told me that he wrote him I SMELL RAIN! YESSSSSS! mmm i didn't know that was tedi when i read it Don Q. what a fuck heh it is because he has been talking about Don Quixote lately a lot ah word "strange shit this time of year, homey" TRUE oh hey question for you wes and juan are moving out of wes's house in july al and imri are staying whatchu think? well now Juan got a single so wes has to find his own place and Misa's family is giving her a hard time about moving here and he's all fucking confused and Imri yelled at him on the forum so I told him to come over and he said "I don't think that's a good idea" ... :P heeeee i'm conforked o? about wha? #1 why that isn't a good idea wes has to find a place to live by himself now why him coming over isnt a good idea or him living by himself? #2 because i was thinking you and i could move in at least had the idea OH yeah... I was going to suggest that but my damn phone started dying.. AH so you want to move in with Imri and Al? :D I LOVE IT what BOYS BOYS BOYS YUM cock close to gayborhood lots o cock! LOL would you move there? YEAH! I'd love it! LET'S DO IT with the three of us? YES I WOULD LOVE IT I LOVE THE IDEA seriously I SWEAR ON MY DAMN UNDERWEAR AHHHHHhhhhHHHh k ? cuz i asked imri about it ahhhh? o? and what he say? no response yet asked him a few hours ago k by email? OM PM k wow you might see him before i do that would be so fucking fun if i do... I'll ask really depends for me on total cost why does wes wanna move? i thought because of misa no no he doesn't want to move in with her thinks its a bad idea score one for Wes right? he decided this since our talk on sunday but he's def moving out? he said he couldn't come over because he had to look for a place... "yo, i don't think i woudl move there without you" k then if they want us and it REALLY DEPENDS on how much it is I'm in ok I'll find out for ya I'll ask but one thing whatsat? can we gang bang al? LOL HA LOL yes Maria k of course k but i want toof there too ok I'll rope toof in well make him the gimp and trap him for you! AHAHHAHAHAHAA oh man we're going to hell oh I have a terrible headache nope we've been there already TRUE this is thanks yoda :P so um my head hurts we have to get wes to move out I'll go call wes and talk to him ...about the situation... k just find out what's up i'll get back to you "and report back, private onion" go and animate... k K LOL private onion ha I LOVE YA I LOVE YA TOO good that's all settle d k be back l8r laters mikee babe wes won't answer his phone yeah he's pissed i think he thinks i m bothering him not just you he's dropped off wha? wha? "he posted something about ""everything going to shit" he won't communicate for a while prob that's so shitty yup "so wierd, really" he's also mad at me because I said his girlfriend was wierd ! what brought that up? he said he felt guilty talking to her (after I told him that I told tedi) and that she said that he was the only person she could talk to and that he felt comfortable with but he felt bad about hearing that this time "because he ""is so comfortable"" with me" I HATE THAT WORD COMFORTABLE yeah pretty bad he loves the damn word but I said wes that would make me feel UNcomfortable if someone said that sorta scary I said don't you think it'll be rather hard if she comes here and depends on you for everything because she's running away? i bet that put the fear in him yup and then he said i love the way you smack me aroung its like being with the female mikee ! oh god k that's enough me an u got ballz wha? are u mad at me? NO but Wes is a headjob and i'm this close to being over it "u want me to drop him like a bad habit, eh?" um yes sorry but .. <sigh> give me a minute but as for the housing thing "let's do this, eh?" yes let's try k :F toof toof gotta go? nope going to quit soon I can poke around til your done if u want k i'll be done in a sec :D just want to finalize k NP! fuck it i'll fool with it tomorrow k i want another hamburger call me the hamburgler i'll pay you on tuesday for a humberger today :D dammit radiohead is sounding oddly like david bowie in fact if i were going to take a damned guess i'd say it WAS david bowie and mislabeled "fare the well, who could tell, this goodbye?" in Life in a Glass House ? i think not hmmm have to hear agin i want beef ! :D no reason i should be hungry right now and i'm so very hungry i ate three times today "this, by the way, is my ideal guy, i think, for the time being" http://bigmuscle.com/profile.phtml?uid=49592&il=1&me=newsearchresults.phtml&ls=10 k checking beef toof :F TOOF oh shut the fuck up LOOK AT THIS PIECE OF MAN mikee hang on k? k he's small mmhm i want very tineee mmhm mikee ? I tried to ask wes about the apartment and he got all dramatic yeah ouch wes maybe isn't best person to ask you talked to him? i am talking now but please "let's not talk about, k?" k just now or ever again just now k he's at your house? no he's being dramatic "i dunno man, we could end up seriously headfucking him" he's alone and drunk not on purpose either no he's a fuck he wants attention where did you dig up this pic? of this guy? just browsing :D bookmarked it u r cute yo i look at thousands of pictures of men it's how i pass the time LOL not necessarily porn I wish I had that time but not necessarily not ... usually before i got o bed yummy beef or when i'm just sitting at the office wishing i was outside YES beef i WANT beef NOW did u mean you wanted a hamburger both at once steak or a proverbial hamburger and cock LOL i would like to be serviced while eating a steak which if i'm not mistaken is the american dream and do you KNOW what i HAVE? fucking ham no beef HAH i hear a pipe organ OH it's my powerbook phantom o the opera?! philip glass ahhh close pink floyd for me mmm pf was on the radio today oh yeah? u like them? i used to a LOT word.. rarely hear now never really into them TR was so into them it was annoying ha i'm going to gorge myself excuse me while i puke ? :( r u ok? "THAT'S CUZ YO HONGRY BITCH" fine just AHHHH LOL hongry "then go eat, peshe" i'm eating i'm in kitchen awww is wes ok? no anything worth fixing? NO he's oh well here they could... but so could other things... that's why I say im sorry. You think I have a low self image but truth be known... i know im awesome. i know im someone who people could fall in love with..given time. i ignored that... and now im in shitsville because I met you... someone I could fall for. ? so he let himself slide back into fear and this is where we are now tell him that shitsville is a fucking state-o-mind HAM and all i want is beef poor baby go kill someone i feel like the french and eat them LOL you know why i'm so hungry? need sex ? nah because i didn't drink my water today period? OH dear out of my bucket o water u are retainng salt? salty ballz? :-/ "must be, i crave it" heh craven I have a headache like a I have a curse put on me Italians call who be mad atchu? WES :P oh why could he possibly be mad at you? you tell him to quit or i'll put a curse on him and baby people don't live through my curses I know because I am hurting him fuck THAT he's hurting himself that's my period UR PERIOD? that's why you want beef how are u making hamburgers so bad i want beef i had one for lunch in the pan awww i want another one where are they? in freezer y not make another? having ham spread with texas pete's instead HA LOL texas pete is my bitch unquote damn girl so is pittsburgh pete yo pittsburgh pete still exists who knew tedi talks to... yesssssssss ? today i think oh yeah whatever men cause pain GONNA MAKE A CHANGE FOR ONCE IN MY LIFE GONNA FEEL REAL GOOD GONNA MAKE A DIFFERENCE GONNA MAKE IT RIIIIGHT... "I""M TALKING TO THE MAN IN THE MIRROR" LO? looking for man in the mirror found it here we have a problem lol nice i put these boys on my buddy list and then i delete them so i never know who i'm talking to heee who cares its' like anonymous boy i KNOW right? all the same conversation anyway blah fucking blah some of the boys u talk to are boring very look at this one http://bigmuscle.com/getphotos.phtml?uid=49592&pid=1201989&me=newsearchresults.phtml&ls=10 i know i want to see what' it's wrapped around that leads to! he's into bondage yay oh my if we live together it will be very interesting to see u get ass OH I HATE WES what now he's on the phone with his bitch you might not ever see it i do it in the dark no I will me too when no one is looking but I will lead them to you fucking tag team the little fuckers P heh yay :P puerto ricans YES YES YES YES YES jaj jajajajajajaaaa jejejejjjjjjjj muy bien :D like this bitch i want him bad why oh why muy delicioso y? wha? he's just a picture from central america i know but who cares no less here samething as wanting to fcuk comeone famous i'll show you one from philly oops k YO we should tell him that ? that would make me feel so good tell wha? you're like wanting to fuck someone famous tell who what? tell who THAT? WHO TOOF? that guy in the picture oh ...yea yea I'm down :D http://bigmuscle.com/profile.phtml?uid=10512&ls=0&me=newsearchresults.phtml&ob=&or=&pp=&cnt=7&M= bitch is younger than me DAMN look at that mother fucker i know this is why touching his big dick and all i feel like a whale u aren't a whale if you're a whale then I AM NESSY :D heh aight nessy BITCH look at him we wants it my precious unhealthy obsessions this is mine the many manifestations of maleness So Fucking Hot really SO HOT just as long as he shuts the fuck up WANT TO TOUCH THE HINEEE OWWWWW JOJ I am so pissed off with wes right now and I just told him to go kiss my ass ha you said in person or over AIM? I wanted to say it in person but he is too much of a PUSSY to even call because he is drunk he called Misa I SAY is all I got... othrwise I would be like uh uh um uh um i um uh let them have each other I am about to lay the smack down should I do it? Yes do it IT'S COMING BOTCHES heh MUTHERFUCKER HE GOT OFFLINE oh you're pissed you just got hung up on OH I AM GOING TO KILL HIM and he won't answer his phone listen to this shit stupid stupid tears ?!? we made him cry? "i desrve that... you do not... im a fuck up and im sory but i just had alot of shit laid on me 2 minutes ago.. and now i can barel think or speak about it... basically everything I fear, sisn't want, and didn't need has come to a head... and now if i keep talking im only going to make myself worse and i want tomorrow to happen." WHAT THE FUCK!?! LOL who's laying shit besides us? Misa apparently but that pussy motherfucker just hung up bitch TRUE however not a laying of shit that ought to be done piecemiel either that's true I guess I should do it to his face too bad that he's not there now because later you won't be as pissed off you're evil LOL i'm TOTALLY LOSING THE BATTLE with my evil side right now thinking for past two minutes grinning it's fine the heat... in fact MIKEE I AM SO READY FOR THIS LITTLE PUSSY ha I AM READY TO TEAR HIM A NEW ONE that MOTHAFUCKA k any particular reason? I don't know what the fuck he means what does this mean: and i want tomorrow to happen. he's being suicidal or is it this? probably half serious wait he's back online jesus H CHRIST what OMG WHAT MISA JUST WANT S TO BE FRIENDS awesome man "ten minutes ago, you almost dumped him" Fuck says i WHAT THE FUCK THIS SHIT IS CRAZY mmhm maria yes lover i want to call you k sure I I'l call u hang on my cell is dead oh wanna call my cell? or I call house? yes which? i'll call you going to find my caard u sure? too late to call your house? g-mom's asleep k calling k WAIT TILL you HEAR THIS SHIT shit what happen phone card die? can I not call u at home? nope yup k calling beep beep candy man mnmmmmmm beeeeeeeeeeeeeeef again? :P piglet wendy's hangaburger I had turkey bacon for breakfast OOOO I think I'm gonna git me and tootie one of those 2day good idear yum yum HANGABURGER it's grrrrreat ummmm whatchadoin? homer noises nada waiting around looking good :P heh guesswhat waiting for god? what my car O I think we are going to be able to move in with Imri and Al no shizzy no SHIT no shiza really? because Wes and Misa might move in together "and ""be friends" :-/ ok... but anyWHO not a terrible idea imo that leaves US OPEN FOR THE HOUSE no no apparently she's been fucking this other dude many other dudes Haha LOL isn't it great yes ? we win :D :F always toof mikee we got to get ahold of imri and al before they find someone else toof yes cousn says hi OH HI k i will tell wes 2night but I feel bad because tootie is really depressed Y and he wanted to come over tonight dunno but i told him no good you don't have to say yes I know but he's skipping work and coming with me man to play wif de kiddies "don't let that bitch cling, ok?" k :) I am kool and gang ja I can't wait til Saturday! you and tedi speak the same language sat is going to be phun yu yup "what u mean same language, babe?" you quote each other so it's like one word? language ahead of time you do it all day yesterday heh finish each other's sentences? ja (irony overflowing) talking to burc solly fucking imri didn't get back to me he's all goofed over shit don't worry I will talk to Wes 2night... with my powers ... of persuasion GOOD :P I'll say HOW EVER DO YOU WANT ME? HOW EVER DO YOU WANT ME? sing it! DADAAAAD ADAAAADA jej u know what m singin? nope HOWEVER DO YOU NEED ME? u know that seventies song HOWEVER DO YOU WANT ME? however do you want me HOWEVER DO YOU NEED ME? yes however do you need me u know HOWEVEEER we were singing the other night YES YES those are the only words maybe? u got it girl oui steady are you ready ARE YOU READDYYY kinda also YES YES !!! LOL mikee i love thee i love ya too my precious ooo i want this rodman thing to work big deal for me Dennis/ mean i have to keep a job ? 1308 u will peshe OH duh solly :E :B toof heh LOL LOL HEHEHE LOL oh man I like that one ahhhhhhhh :B :B LOL heh misa :B toosh :-0 :-O :S LOL that's the MEH yes this is cocksucker :-O HEH :D :@ wooo LOLOLOLOOLOL whassat LOLOLOLOLOL the cocksucker thats peshe licker :@ OH THE PECHE LICKER OH MY :@ I AM LAUGHING SO HARD toof LOL my lord :X wait :Q whatsat whats this one dunno... I like this one tho :K the pixie sticker Kitty licker mustache heh LOL LOL :{ :{) :LOLOLOL :-{) OMG :-)} I am laughing so hard LOL :B toof toosh toosh learned a new word yesterday :B hee in russian what's the new svieta means light really as in luminescence ? word "svetlana" means girl of light OooOooo tell her i love her name will dooooo peshe hair :N :) :0 ;o :-O k k I am going to go warsh some dishes warsh my toofs :B ha warsh your toots? yup warsh warsh em warsh em good REEL GOOD K I LURVE YOOOO talk to you later i love ya TOooootoototetooo later xo :* :B toosh what's up my car's ready yay what're you doing tonight ? going straight home? no plans sam TOOTS IS HERE WITH ME :F yay toots HELLO MICHAEL hello toots (in KIT VOICE) heh oh my god wha? i'm so fuckin cold OH BABEEE i work in a morgue :( AW mikee wanna have din din? sure can we cook tho? sure "at my house, oui?" LET's COOK AT TEDI'S his house is mo fun I buy food and we cook oui? k sounds goosh now i am tickling the ivories so to speak it is edward oh yes? the weapon maker oh hi yes it is i saw jon last night mr ed oh yeah? how's jonjon mikey we went to two crazy parties it was good to get out no shizzy doo i ran into a bunch of folks "but the drinking, michel" ha the drinking LOL Lord jon is bad about that he fills up your cup when you're not looking it got kinda bad when we went a morrissey party bad how you were being tedi squared? a bit square peg The whole night was like driving along with pete doing the stereo One party was early 90s hip hop then off to The Smithville Seeing people dance to morrissey is like watching fish flap out of water ha LOL ted they sway and shimmy toot yesh? were you dancing? to the hip hop couldnt do the morrissey Jon was oh yeah? jon danshing? it is his type of robotroniic shuffle HAHA oh ted have dinner with us Nigga it's at my house!! what am i going to do hide upstaires ha yesh Yo and make donkey noises brayyyyying i want an invisible kitty I want to go to a boat party or go go! you'll love it swim at yr house both yes but i do have to get my car back in balty at some point for good? for fix Come to the boat thing if i go i want you ther yeah? I want to jump off the railing HA has been done methinks Like Titanic HA Titanic Ted LOL Red hair rosey breasts and my beard LOL tedi 25 bucks to drinks ALL NIGHT TRUE it's a fun party yo "it's all electronic music, you know this" I know Robotronic Husslin bring jonjon and his pencilpenis Oh Gawd You know there was a boy named donnie that a friend of mine knew "Once, there was a boy named Donnie" who really did have a pencil been "peen, i mean" ha LOL poor ting He went to this kid Brian's school and the peen was seen in the shower of the locker room i know oh MAN i would cry if my peen was a number 2 somebody don't like the size of that man's weiner LOL Seriously What you want for food ? did he cry like the woman he was? um FOOD Like the Hedwig he was Ha one inch Angry Donnie and his Number 2 LOL food you say the sequel to Hedwig not as good yes yes foodies gwan then how about russian what do russians eat? Potatos and socialism mmmm socialism each other no that's friday's dish we wants Mmmmmm canadian food solent green what the fuck is that ? mayo on everything ? something very safe LOL Lol rice pudding probably green jello I LOL to your LOL yes totally the pudding and maple leaves in the salad hahaha for spirit for zest LOL goodone and goodword zesty i'm feeling zesty how about zesty food Wanted to thank you again for chatting me up yesterday while i sweated down Broad street dude anytime thanks it really opened my eyes to a lot of things The funny thing was that soon after i was off with you my friend Leslie called and thus the story was entirely recapped i feel like the more times i tell it oh yay the more comfortable i am with it all TRUE like watching a horror movie over and over over again HA heh until you know all the parts and it becomes funny Right ok toot i HAVE to work But yes thank ye oh that's right no problemo you are working i'm at the office i took the fucker off to recover heh from the Morrissey/Das FX nite flopflopthumpthump My night could have been called toottoot "I bumped my ass until i cried" ha LOL ok work work ok beepbee laters lo? hi howdee how it hangin "eh, allright" i just woke up how are you? word? TIRED "whats happening with this boat shit, babe?" i put us on the list Kate says she's coming I KNOW :D "should I go and pay for something, then?" "um, i don't think it's necessary" but we should get there early you can if you like what time? and i can pay you back paypal? yeah I HATE THAT SHIT then don't use it do you think we'd be ok ? imri should know OH that he should keep me +3 did u get my message on the PM? yup k made me happyh :D have to hear from AL Wes HATES The idea fuck wes YES FUCK WES nice i love u lol i love you too i didn't do SHIT today i think we in like flynn and i want a hamburger good for YOU AGAIN? yes you are yanging out yeah you need sex is what u need um no i need to decompress k haven't had any alone time for like two or more weeks been out all weekend right how was last night? it was fun word? Chris and Jon's party looks fun the one in the woods? Shrek 2 was HYSTERICAL yup OH u saw it without me?! :( hey what? i asked you to come i didn't know that's what u were going to see you will love it k i'll go see it ALONE LOL just kidding meh well i love you you sound scratchy ... "i felt bad about it, and then i was like, ""she's with Wes" i'm a little salty is all Tedi at me? Nono just being awake need alone time... k Tedi wha? Tedi kept me up talking about life OH NO were u up for that? yeah it was fine k u should make out with him No . or u shoulda ! :P ur obviously NOT in a joke mood :B I don't fine tedi sexually attractive toof me niether. :-O heh i had to tell him that at leas not now ... u know? yes quite well will u be ok for tomorrow? "i think so, esp if kate is coming" today i seriously did nothing i watched kill bill and took a nap are u feeling bad about that? and yelled at customer service LOL "not bad, but until she said she was coming i still didn't want to go" i meant are u feelin bad about doing nothing... ? a little mmmmm mikee my yob has piled on the list because they're mad at me iso fucking what eh i just have to make it through the list things will be fine i'm not concerned about them tonight? by the end of the weekend fine you'll do sun and mon that's a TON of time Mikee yes "if I could pay you for all that you do for me, you'd never have to work a day in your life." "you do my darling," we are paid in full so consider yourself seasoned on the Wall Street of Yo Mama's Drama :P ha LOL :B how was last night? :F <sigh> you saw toof? u really wanna know? yes i saw toof he was bitchy according to wes he is HARD to live with i bet that's true he's a moody bitch but guess what wha? i'm a moody bitch too ME TOO exhibit A the only thing I didn't like hearing i'm not worried about the catfights me niether if there's four of us to rumble ha the only thing I heard that I didn't like what was that Imri plays loud music at 3am on weeknights but i don't know how valid that is so you should take Juan's room I think I will I want a more inexpensive on tho I DON'T want AL's room he's a pig ha did they tell you how much it was? I'll take Juan or Imri yes 1700 total ok about 400 ea so that's ! righT! that' TOTALLY WORKS OH U KNOW IT BITCHES :B :P wait so two of the rooms are bigger ? more expensive yes and they might want to switch? too yes how much more? and Al said something about wanting to rent a room for his child but Imri doubts he will do that "I offered my room, and I said I would sleep with Imri" ;) just kidding ha but no some rooms are like 380 or some are 420 or something ... but we have to sign a year lease... is that kool? yes do they need to check my credit? cuz that SUCKS nah they won't do that i might have to get a co-sgner Imri didn't have a Job for five months "if not, I'll vouch for you" oh HEY BABE thanks of course let's do this shit serious ok I'm in i'm in like flynn "this idea makes you feel a lot better, eh?" :F Yes. graduated from college moving out dirty thoughts swim in mind of mikee I'M COMIN OUT ha I WANT THE WORLD TO KNOW plus who better to live with IM GONNA LET IT SHOW I dunno nobody it's not going to be a picnic that's who i'm not asking for a picnic but we are strong enough i'm asking for people i respect and we have lived with enough crazy people... yes people that u respect are hard to find... and we can GET A KITTY!!!!!! YES A BIG FAT MALE omg! like Nero :B :B I hope this works it'd be cool but when is the lease up I forgot to ask... july 1st? possibly maybe mine's up the 15th...but that's fine... oh Bjork my fav song that it is :b july is good oh my we are going to be having so much fun you and i loving and fighting and crying and laughing cold winter nights snuggled up mmmm with our kitty when I'm about to get my period :P and I feel like a WHALE with our pussy and our children can talk to each other... heheheee al has a child too two of them o? one real and one like ours the 12in? 17 OH STOP he must have $$ penn bought it for him word? he works for penn? he's a sysadmid oh how boring for sas 6 years he's worked there SASified ugh and now he goes to school no offense but UGH ha none taken i know believe me can I give you money for your airport and we can use? 2gether? all can use no money penn bought it LOL ahhh the old balls itself yup swhy it's so damned expensive to go there you're paying for lifestyles I see that now as well as an education I am going to have to begin paying for it in a few weeks but saving on rent will be good not if we go back FUCKERS I already did that babe gotta wait a minute againagain! NO ha fellowship next time who pays for fellowship? and loan forgiveness for working in an urban district ;) foundations.... ahhhh see? good deal there is a plan in my quagmire... believe it or not.. heh OOOEOEOOoeooo OH MIKEEE i'm excited A KITTY mee too what shall we name our kitty TOOF? Toof! haha LOL the running joked Misa? just kidding and Imri Imisa? Mimri? and me and you LOLOL oh my the horrors but listen what I gotta pee and wash my asshole it stinks :P mmmm sticky asshole LOL ew sorry that was gross haha ok my burger es done i'll talk to you later... "I love you, stinky" "i love you too, mein herr" :-* :* hey this is my new IM name bigmama "big maria 3001, right?" yup whasgoinonbigmama? k nada mucho I think i have to drive out to get my lisence reinstated I think I'm gonna have to go to West Chester! :D the irony breeds so excited... eh? OH I know what happens in WC? that's where I was supposed to send the check ah are you going to give them what for? ? WHAT? :-/ LOL "are U busy right now, stinky?" talking to burc k tty later... xoxoxo o K ha http://home.earthlink.net/~karoshi/images/getlucky/0870.jpg LOL i kno i like that one there's one of you and kate that's intense i saw maira ha maria / ? dan was asking me about pookie what about him? Dan Burc? he's coming right? yes but only for a few days :( it's the last week in june? yup jeebus the end of this month is out of control already I kno this DAY IS OUT OF CONTROL my crotch smells :P already haha what are ye doin? gotta work the shows this week! AHH thursday nite brb and then I'm HOME FREE k np on the phone with SFS take ur time... I am going to make lunch :P k? k maria ? going to call you k? k do you think it would be better to have Andrew's birthday party on the 20th or the 26th? 20th have to be in West Chester on 20th... 26th rather k $138 shut up! that's all seriously wow form when to when? 15th to 19th but i think it's negotiable k lemme email my boss and see if it's ok ? k is it kool with u? we can order tonight with specifics :P yay YAY it's 139 to ft lauderdale and then drive to key west how? I can't drive a rental car :( not 25 i can HEH HEH ok EHEHEHEHHEE mornin! mornin peesh how are ya tired but HAPPY happy last day oui and other thangs... sunsine you oh hey ? it is nice today it is i may set up shop out back again lucky ducky... is everything prettyy much ready for you ? no but i amgettin there not stressed :D :B good deal toof the kids are coming>? i hope! :-/ I don't think many people will come but I don't care I am satisfied already :) good deal so how are u today? :F still in ed ha bed "oh ed, RIGHT" Ed good stay in there as loooong as possible :F somebody keeps calling i wonder who it is weird wha happend dunno had to reset my airport station word? remember that black pleated skirt we saw at H&M? yup u bought it? yup oooo I wanna borrow k listen toof I am gonna eat n sleep a little more k? k enjoy will u be around later? yup k I wanna hear about ur day so I'll try and catch up with ye :B ok :E lol talk to u later .. later dude WHOAAA ? did you see Ian's fucking comment! no "Wes judge me to my face. Not on the fucking internet." Ian is not that smart mikee I want you for once and for all to STOP thinking of yourself as dumber than ANY OF THESE FUCKS i don't ok good I have work to do... but go read this part of the forum u are brilliant and u think just like me. i love u i love you too i just wrote something good. lo? HI hi how are ye>? great you FINISHED?| how are u ? drunk as shit SHUT UP serious where are u? office oh good for you!! I am waiting for the tryptophane to kick in turkey no gobble gobble warm milk need to sleeeeeeep slkeep then a date "with who""?" :-[ guess ghengis khan "YES THAT""S IT" me and ghengi lovers at last fate presage or not ? so why are u drunk Burc's fault? no lunch with wharton bitches ooooo la terrasse LOL nice now at work with scotch oh GOD mikeee r u ok? yes :P YES @!Q :) LOL :B toof toofy i love u what are ya doin to dinight toof?} a date i lurve ya too I told u ditch it for me and burc and scotch ummmm nah a DATEW with I've never been taken out on a date Imri !?!? NO with WHO ELSE Al shut up with it's obviously with Wes Eric fuck Wes make him pay for EVERYTHING y can't it be with Wes? and then make him eat ou out until you cum twice and then k make him pose should I do three times for portraits because he already did the twice? :P four times OK i have to go that's a good number :( u do? assholes are making me work k call me k when ur done love u fuck WES :B bi bi come fuck US bi OH MY GOSH babe bi bi laters gAY GAY HEH i'm wearing my skirt today i look oooo GREAT u sexy bitcch very worth pictures ! YES let's do it but go will talk latr k laters GUS GUS bi "DON""T TELL TEDI I HAVE A DATE" OR I WILL CUT YOUR PEEP OFF i am working sorry just wanted to tell u :F thanks for the update this is burciago by the way don't be offended ooop i'm trying to reigh in the drunk to get some work done tell the little troll what I said that's all k sorry... love you never offended by u love u! :) Imri's at Tribecca Jon Nagle is having a party... see lots of things for PRETTY TONEY TO DO i'm so drunk !? awww beeee :F 12 year old scoth want me to come and git u? WOW "scoth, eh?" ;p I just felt like I was on ACID because there was a commercial for peanut butter acid? starting Rastafarian Elephants. :-/ help wha? do you want me to come and get u!??! ha no burciago has custody but thanks making you work while drunk yes YES that's REAL SMART bitches tell him konichiwa BIOTCH uh oh he's coming on to kick me arse ..... help stop saying that ur scaring me do you need my help? for real? no k they're yelling at me in a mean way?! i ll kill them about a cancel button what are you doing watching tv golden girls? no Guns and Roses :P they're finished maria hmm? jason and burc :) says i have to go they says you're ruining theyir fridnay FUCK THEM mikee "don't tell tedi about my date, ok?" and FUCK THOSE CRACKERS i love you bye a date? oh god u are annoying me now ok i'll go >:-o no this is me I want to talk but I get in trouble nt bur c k have fun ttyl WAIT what are u doing tonight? being drunk ha whatever that is did u talk to Tedi? nop he wants to hang with u i'm drunk with burc he hasn't called? w?e who tedi or burce if he calls i'll tel him to come over tedi Jon Nagle is having a party mmmm tasty burc doesn't liek OH well it's First Friday ? Ben and Eric are selling t-shirts that say fuck the duck i want to see ben but maybe not tonight A DATE? what kind of a date none of your business k :\ <sigh> pool i don't understand why u guys tell me to go and get what I want i want to get fuckecx d and then I do and you ridicule me :( no ridicule just curiosity I am being taken out to dinner and then going to see a movie harry pottedr "is that cool, DAD" NO WHY IS EVERYONE SAYING THAT?!? i'm not you father thanks cuz wes loveds harry I HATE harry fucking pooper we are going to see the life of brian by monty python :P have FUN I WILL I want to hang out with you tho... :-/ bitches k bitches lol burciago can't belive what i have brought upon him the scoth!? :F among other things toof oh MARIA where atre you can I call u when the movies over/ AT HOME MIKEE PRETTY TONEY yes call after movie we hang mebbe? "do you need to sleepover, love?" "u can, is fine as wine" :) isw burc "put mikee on, fucker" he may hit me toyghy WHAT?!? i siwth he's [issed at me WHOAAAAA mahybe burc no why? MIkee no no no me mikee I AM SO CONFUSED... mike e me mikee me is mikee Pretty toney yes ME :F burciago alright this is some bullshit I'm out Maria will call mikee after movie... hi peshe hi how art thou TIRED u? not so tired you was up last night? ummmm no just tired from before... do you have the morning off? I do now! I thought I didn't but a meeting got cancelled good deal i'm actually going to work today word? why? sorry I didn't stop by yesterday I wound up going to work anyway np going to do all the stuff they wanted over the weekend :P BOLLOCKS i'm really good at this good at wha? Ball licking? ;F animation I AM SURE U ARE i wish ronald reagan would up and die alreadey I thought he did?!? the reagan legacy project wants to put his face on mount rushmore and the ten dollar bill NO mikee I am naked :) "I need to clothe myself, dear" k listen i was recently naked too :D lol hey MIkee yes WHAT I LOVE YOU :-/ i love you too k <sigh> why the sigh? nOTHIN k u look really HOT in one of the discobotz pics i didn't see myself in any of them me and u are in the back... hang on first of all.. ? heeee nothing came thru o shit did ya get it? LOL ok yes now look how sexy your face is leaning against the wall haha very pensive... u look hot :) no idea what i was doing and what the hell is on wes's face? making sure i was falling over wasn;t sorry haha i was pushing you when you didn't notice it buahahaa LOL pESHE HAIR I am watching quantum leap! :D oh yeah? what a show the freaky guy freaked me out who al? or sam? al i guess ugly as shit from dune I MISS MY GOLDEN GIRLS dune? yeah as the doctor oh yeah that's al so whatcha doin? working k it didn't work I am just going to make u a mix :F ha k toof wes is regaling me with his toxic day and professed love regaling? regailing regaleing professed love? ;-/ :B I love maria. Maria loves me. Misa knows. Everyone's still happy. And everything is going to be ok. GULP oh? i'm making amix too as it happens say what you want to me ... i have nothing to say about it ok. i am afraid to talk to you about it I am afraid you think I am stupid :( um it doesn't matter what i think no "but it does, my love" HA HA WHA? :F not both ways your opinion matters to me and not Wes i've filed my opinion away in the archives i have no opinion ok i don't know enough about it to have one but now I feel like there's a roadblock between us no roadblock the issue is past no need to deal with it any longer ummmm according to u? applying to me "what did u have to ""deal with""?" helping you and tedi figure out how to adjust hmmmmm i wasn't thinking that was your answer listen are u SURE there's nothing you want to say to me? I feel like there's a distance or a negativity i have put a distance between myself and emotions associated with the questions of you and wes that's probably what you feel not between me and you why? because drains u? "i've thought what i've thought about it, and expressed it, and the situation has changed, and i'm not sure if i need to have an opinion" well I APPRECIATE YOUR OPINION but if you feel the discussions of my love life are too circular for you and detachment is the best for you then I completely understand :) put it this way if something strikes me i'm sure we'll talk about it ok nothing has stricken except i was just attacked by a june bug i had to flush it just as long as you don't repress what u feel HUH? are u ok? :F LOL :O fucker came out of nowhere and landed in my lap i'm in my ROOM the best was the chipmunk under your chair mind you OH MY my my peshe didn't mean to kill it maybe he'll wake up in the resevoir awww it's ok and he'll be a man! :P wes said he just wanted kisses oh whatever I need a fucking drink HUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH what kind of a drink? a mint julep the derby was ages ago but we have mint out back ok...now we're cooking why a drink love? mentally and physically exhausted I haven't talked to anyone all day I have 14 voicemails. :P interesting shook off work? I cancelled the program it's over don't tell anyone tho for the rest of the two weeks? no just one week it's over on Friday but I went there today and there was ONE kid so I took all the artwork kissed her goodbye and thanked the school end of story in Wes speak *claps hands twice in upward motion* hey that means you have real time off what a novelty no I have three meetings tomorrow <sigh> are u going to key west? no i cancelled all my trips meow :( y? too much up in the air i need a cushion in some respect cushion for the pushin?! i wish do you need sweet lovin? :( i need sweet chocolate! i'd rather have a trust fund bitch this is your achilies heeel it pops up everynow and then eh actually i haven't been thinking about it specifically only the general lack of options or the lack of general POSITIVE PERCEPTION nope i can be happy with what i have and have few options hmmmm i am thinking NO but only thou knows thyself "generally, a very significant part of my days are spent in very ideal situations" just not much changing probably for lack to true desire to change much you're comfortable some of the very same things that apply to me and tedi apply to you and this situation.... i think not trying to judge :F "there's nothing to affect a change with yet, so i'm not that concerned about missing an opportunity" that wasn't the problem with me and tedi :-/ and yet when it finally adjusted you have several options to present themselves of their own accord not everything presents itself its is cultivated "so far, cultivation has been a highly subconscious process for me" there is a world around u you lack of acknowledgement is incompatible with your desires for material comfort "on the contrary, my lack of acknowledgement has led to a great deal of material comfort" what i lack is emotional comfort dissertate please ... "how many people do you know that perform their workday in such places as the bath, the bed, a hammock, or under the shade of an umbrella? what's more, how many people do you know that travel at to far end of the earth? with some of the finest equipment and clothes available? at their own leisure? all *without* paying a great deal of attention to what most people consider their main concerns." material concerns=not monetary material concerns=expectations of others contradicted with your own #NAME? and self loathing i don't know anyone that isn't self loathing "in fact, i happen to believe it's a very basic characteristic of existence" or at least consciousness u are wounded by the smiling slaves and the workplace is a place of vulnerability for you please accept my apology if I am being too forward :-/ the vulnerability in that respect affords me comforts in others that i wanted for a very long time must keep moving no? we haven't seen anything to move to yet full circle u and I are not in the same mind fram e for once I am thinking in a very Junging Jungian Freudian way u are thinking my usual Buddha "i'm more satisfied now with my ability to make decisions than i have ever been before, and that method of making decisions involves intuiting out the best options, and up to now i haven't felt many viable options, and it's more of an observation than an anxiety that such things happen to be this way" but practice of decision making should extend into your own matters all of them no? practice...action....balance knowing when not to force a decision is often more important than affecting lateral movement knowing when to fashion the outcome is better than claiming detachment often comes as lazy when it mixes with certain situations "eh, most of my best experiences were fashioned under the pressures of doing nothing" you're confusing terms fashioning unequal to presssure fashioning USING pressure i'm not sure our statements differ fashioned under the pressures of doing nothing denotes to me subsisting under conditions ashioning USING pressure denotes using the force to one's advantage actively doing nothing creates the pressures with which to fashion the world externalizes into extremes which bring upon action "my point is, i'm not under the extreme of anything" at this moment i have nothing to act upon ok then shall we question connotations of subsisting and EXisting I think u are CHOSING THIS: i have nothing to act upon qualified: i have nothing to act upon which improves my quality of existence and so what if i choose that? it would take something major to improve at this point how so? I would argue the emotional and why don't u have the major in u? u have been given months of meditation and i find that i'm well placed i just finished the major quite literally ok ok then u are completely complacent [in a positive way] with your situation? "if life changed little for the foreseeable future, then i can be quite satisfied with it, which isn't to say that if it changed quite a lot, i wouldn't be satisfied it" i lead a good life yes that's all i'm saying well I am saying u are a great person and u deserve to fashion your world as u see it but I think its impossible sometimes because u hide I think u are afraid sometimes to put your practice into your understanding hiding doesn't change the experience one bit it comes and finds me I dunno I disagree mebbe I am just being selfish you and tedi and wes are a great example of how my inexpression of relationship manifested into the necessity to deal with every side of the issue at once be more concrete and i don't necessarily prefer either experience I am tired no but those aren't YOUR relationships nope see my frustration at your trepidation i get to contextualize the issues without being emotionally attached and yet still face the same conclusions but mikee we are human beings u can't love and get hurt and gain strength vicariously all in all u can't hide in the garden forever and still complain who is complaining? that u want more mmmm ok this garden has open walls it grows on its own ok eventually everything may be included sure I think you're afraid sorry i don't understand what you think i'm afraid of then forget it "i have already done more, and seen more, and thought more, and created more than just about anyone i know" that's not the point I think you're afraid to go and get what u want and you're defensiveness proves it i have more of what i want now than i have ever had i get what i want i'm not afraid to get it ok ok I disagree my biggest fear "is that at any point i already have everything i want, and won't acknowledge that to be true" "but that is the fear that creates everything else, good and bad, and right now i'm willing to live with it" "as far as going out and getting what i want, i have very little fear of creating experience" i went to tn and got on a motorcycle last best example of me being motivated amazing of u I agree but what about your independence "so, what of it that nothing else like that strikes my fancy" life is boring life is simple not boring my life is definitely not boring i could sit in my back yard and look at chipmunks ok and i would be quite satisfied I disagree :F u want to smack me up side the head no i just don't think you're giving me a lot of credit OH MY NO I am only hard on u because I have been shown so many phenomenal things and I expect more... :P "i get peace right now, and that's what i want" i've fought enough wars to enjoy it I feel the same way and I am most happy for you but remember that when u want the job the apartment the boyfriend "not without the good fight, lover" not without the good fight. i'm retired haha BORING COP OUT FEAR no my darling not fear age ok so u and your grandmom are peers ? u have old balls that's so pretentious mikee i'm definitely older than my grandmother thanks much older stop it well I am going to sleep k i love you I think you're amazing i missed whatever you said last you disappeared i love you too and your rainbows are varied and the depth is more than the known universe! let's wade for a while and look up at the sky then doing that right now and for the next three months at least promis e :f :F : B :E LOL miss u :@ we'll see you soon i think :R we'll? :K the royal we :Q :Z that's me smoking a cig oh my :-z that's taking a dump ok I m going to bed sleep well u too love u bee bee love you 2 peesh hair! sister g.a.c. GAC love it gnite buggy nighters peshe? u busy? nah scanning what's up ndad nada wanted to say hi hiya HI PESHE :B I know you're still sore with me i'm having a ball with this new toy BUT I LOVES U nah o goodie am going to scan my peshe into your website :F we can do toof my baby toof set yer hiney nown on it u are my lil TOOF :f like that LOL hEHE :D gabriel exactly! was going to say that baby toof toof of the babe who do? toof do! doof TOOFT past test I want ta KISSHYA tense tooft yes I got TOOFT man alive wha? i'm going to scan everything i own :-O badizzle peeeeeenise ? haha badizzy ew no like given myself a mammy not ew since when ew? haha it would be SO GROSS peni are ugly ballz r worse :F hey toof i don't suppose you know seth's address? uh no damn I know his mom's email tho I could get it i sent one to his dicki account going to just call him k need # wan me to call now see how he's doing i think i have it 323 423 1714 SO TAKE THESE BROKEN WINGS AND LEARN TO FLY AGAIN AND LET ME FLY AGAIN OOPS HAHa SORRY MISTER MISTER MY SONG IS YO MAHHH LADY I WANT YOU TO MYSELF I CAN'T HELP IT I love when we sing over the im :E :Q :() LOL eh HEEEEE eh wha? that one didn't work :& :K MUZZY :{ HEHEHE :{| heh heheh hey you know "THAT""S CUTE" wha? the duvall twins are coming? this weekend darling shall I mix up the mint juleps? you think? are they going to a show or somethign ? yup on Fri to Beasties I was thinking about having mint juleps at the party and Darkness YUM the Beastie Boys? yup no shit playing with the Darkness? yes but u know how terrible that will be? HUGE SHOW teenie boppers weird combination u like teenie boppers tho so it should be a good show for you 13 year old boys with undescended testicles ew ew now? 14 is better what's happening to you? OH there's my toof... I was gonna say are u becoming asexual? "And now for our show..." "a finger falls from a man named Pretty Toney and becomes his child and best friend..." "In modern science this is known as the starfish effect...but it has never been seen in the Homo Sapien..." WHERE IS MY MIND? you been smokin dope? LOL no maybe a flash back I dunno was a hell of a creation tho no? oui we'll save it for the ages with the rubber bands "scan that, bitches!" LOL konnechiwa Konichiwa BITCHES what happens on wednesday? SWIMMING?!? swimming the moon is being blown up? :-/ yo oui? i went to see the time machine just for the sequence yeah? ok? I want to see Michael Moore Farenheit 9/11 next week i think heh i should save some scanning for tommorrow yeah YO too much voracious scanning YO the thunder is shaking the windows PRETTY TONE I know how is wes? good i guess happy as clam an all he's online talk to him http://www.depthcore.com/v4/core.php he's talking to me right now i figured i'm cool i don't chat with many ppl on this ting well me niether in fact I HATE chatting with wes too flaky WHOOOOOA this shit is beautiful yeah http://www.depthcore.com/v4/core.php?p=packs breathtaking looks like your work ... a little same concept i guess it's a movement as in an artistic movement like impressionism i go more for the organic than the mechanic though right at least that's what my taste is less ghost in shell more spirited away : :) these ppl are definitely talented shit is not easy to do no but I know u have an idea... :P yeah this is why i bought the scanner for my website going to redo it heh fun fo all! can we do the kids website this summer ? still? yes spanks :D :F :f WIDDLE toof HeY ? I am going to act like u and have butt sex just kiddin take a bath k that was funny HA HA but u didn't think i laughed actually ididn't i thought you were serious LOL now I am laughing doesn't really get me like it does most ppl no that's not why I did it I did it because I have a lot of anal traffic today ... anus on mah mind... sniff !? heh ew again butt smells it does! skid stains swampage oui dingleberrydom and in your Penn shorts with NO UNDERS :F my poor shorts LOL it's all over now ... literally physically fecally GO POOP k going to poop and take a bath... in mint and honey... oooooo sounds nice I am putting herbs in it fresh ones? yup from Aunt Tree tea tree lemon seeds and green tea for skin whoa :) best in COLD water somebody's gonna wanna lick ya y? just said so dunn o sigh ok I'm going k "I love you, Mikee" i love you to I am glad u forgave me "eh,not much to forgive" but still "u mean so much, love" sleep well oke doke you too hi peshe hi toiof why are you asking OH I get it now... he he he... UH OH bump in the night in my rear yum MEEEEOW peshe smells need to wasj honey I'm home ok gonna clean up COUSIN IS COMING :D OH HEY OH HEYYYY k i told roxana i would go over to her place round 4 k but you don't have to come perrrrrrfect I dunno I get back to you do you need me? no sure? get cleaned up no reason to get dirty again cause I am free i'll finish it no no clean the house not me... :P MY PESHE IS CLEAN AS A WHISTLE SUZY sue sue suzy i'm dragging ASS SUE SUE SUZY are u? YES dragging on the ground behind me I knew today would be worse than yesterday aww at least u look cute i have to lug it around haha pretty good coffee? No Doda? heh? Doda? SODA O caffeine maybe yeah ... DOda :F toof :f hi peshe my lil toof Hi whatcha doin werkin k how was your meeting? I'm glad u went in no no no meeting yeah it was good jason is leaving for a week actually u will be jealous OOO what by by happy trails I went fabric shopping lil pardner oh no SHIT one of my colleagues is going to come and make a quilt with the kiddies whoa sounds like fun to be had so we bought scrap bags and needles and I got a million safety pins so I can LANCE my whole face :B NOOOOOO :. no more lace one is enough I won't just kidding :F toof lance needs a funeral he's on a respirator now he's going away tonight we have his funeral! :F ha burn him cremated LANCE LANCE? :-o hew boy acidified hew? hooo we are strange people hew a bit MY DSL SUCKS strange a bit sucks SUCKS a bunch more than a bit when is theresa coming? tonight about 9 or 10 :F ZEENTA k k AHHHHHHHH i'm so tired wha happen lucy? i hit quit in the wrong program gonzo is asking me questions and i'm not paying attention to him burciago was here go but I WANTED TO TELL U It's not the beatles cd that fucks with your pooter its the BEASTIES sorry ah right tedi has it i guess yeah he ain't coming near my shit with that you know what though? wha? i bet anything it doesn't do shit to a macintosh ur prolly right we the best :F OH EEEEEVERYONE IS A FUCKING NAPOOOOLEAN YEAAAAAH! I love this song yay! EEEEEEEEEEEVERYONE i feel like a little napoleon in my alice shirt u is... i want to leave soon but i guess i'm going to stay until roxana gets home DO IT PESHE HAIR k I'm gonna eat mrs. peshe HAAIAAAAAIIIIIR and cool my breasts of ok breasts "WE""RE MAD AT U!" i'll call you when i'm done NOOOOO k NOOOO "WE""RE MAAAD AT UUUUU!" :F :B hee k k I'm out out xoxox :* :-* hi Mikey...sleep well? its trebetis hi tree! i'm still sleepin heh hope lunch was a good time xo :* hee hee buhbye love laters hi mikey...sorry i was out no worries i was resting howzit? good good wonderful yay ! we ate at sabrinas whatsat? then got some connolies ummm...a small cafe ....good food ready for a nap though maria says hello hi beenie i'm writing the invitations to my party next Saturday nice you are invited my love and Dana too! oh excellent and Ryan and PJ maria is upstairs w/ her dad fixing the AC haha her dad was fun today? definitely. :D it's great to see him "yeah, i want to see him when i'm in good form" its cool u wanted some rest yes my love three days is too much for these old bones haha i'm like a one day a week kind of guy now i hear ya. ok love its better to balance i'm going to soak myself YES definitely go on cletus i love u "I""M SO GLAD TO SEE YA PECHE" I love you TOO me 2 you are amazing theresa serious get some r n r ok will do thanks mikey...the feeling is mutual ok safe journey home hope too see you soon thanx ditto HI PESHE I am excited for the party :D :F hi toof me too how are ye HORRIBLE Wes is just like TR but I am going to be FINE AS WINE just packing up my things before I walk away :B yesterday was such a good day? nope well my dad and tree and I had a BLAST right that's what she said but last night was HORRIBLE dana is breaking up with her and wes is a fucking COWARD and Tedi is completely diluted deluded? or diluted? he was very uncomfortable to be around DELUDED right me no speaka good english i'm disappointed that's the way the day turned out why? we are FINE i hope so Tree is ok? you don't have to protect us yup yup pain is part of the rish risk but fuck it HOW ARE U TOOF? very great i had a nice dinner with my family last night on the delaware river and i went straight to bed and i woke up this morning and this day is just amazing i'm sitting outside iwth gmom doing the work i was going to do on Thursday did a little planning for the party ok nice probably going to read some I can't wait to DJ :-/ heh you want to bring records? but its a little much mebbe sure I need to get my records back from Wes :( but he won't answer is phone because he's scared LOL did you see him? nope he's scared but he says he i guess he read the letter is sick has nothing to do with the letter I said to him I need some response from you and he said I remind him of his ex and I said HA funnt funny you remind me of mine k and I said well I can't do this anymore and he said I understand and I said wes you are so afraid you did this over IM? I KNOW because he won't see me or talk to me ! right >:-o AHHHHHH what the fuck but listen what I gotta get ready to go so I can call you ok if you like i'll be here thanks I will call tty later laters peshe doo I am sorry I didn't call no worries i've just gotten finished working how are you doing? ah ha! good fer yoo so very proud of you I am most looking forward to your party I am going to be fine I am wonded wounded sore good lord that all showed up at once i think mebbe your internet ain't workin so greaet? my fucking DSL sucks sore SIGH is the last thing i got peshe oh wow I am FINE BABY TOOF did ya get that? yes i love you I am so grateful for your presence in my life peshe i love you too SO THIS PARTY'S GONNA ROCK :D :D yes very much i'm looking forward Zara and Rachael confirmed o and they're the ones having a party the night before should I confirm? for record sake> ha you're the dj ugh OK NO NO FUCK IT U DID THIS FOR ME and it's a GOOD THING I know why u did it because I am always mouthing off about others music and don't have nothing to show you also asked for it the other day if you recall I did? :-/ ok you said "i should be a dj" I have no problems I did damn ok I'm in peshe I just dunno how to really do it but I will figure it out don't worry about mixing just play music i will going to set up the powerbook right I am already starting compiling in my head no worries but mikee I hate electronic music :( fine nobody expects it k lotsa reggae and TORI SHE' S YOUR COCAINE heh my theme song of the day :D good choice I bet Wes doesn't go sorry that's my fault i want him to come i think he might k good it's for andrew anyway ok good i scared him so much today tree asked him if he needed a vomit bag ! LOL when did theresa see him? today she stayed over again? in his most vulnerable stance EVER yup she's still here tonight too NO SHIT asleep in my bed right now tho :-/ and wants me to take her out oh you didn't get those IMs? nope "cousn is staying another nite she wants to move here now" yeah?? that's what I said she's not going to but she wants to be here more she met the lesbos across the street it made her very excited :) peshe PEEESHEEE HAAAAAAAAAAIRRRRRRR awww heh sister g.a.c. so wait CHEEESE k you went o see wes? I went to get my records :P heh AND TREE ASKED HIM IF HE NEEDED A VOMIT BAG YES you tell her i love her a lot I will LOLOLOLOL but I scared him so badly Why because I told him he was a coward he kept saying Im sorry Im sorry and I said wes who cares damn you were angry? very very very because he said some stupid shit to me last night about misa talking him out of killing himself no I didn't see him last night I TALKED TO HIM ON THE FUCKING IM wait he was going to kill himself at one point not today :F ok LOL mikee anyone who tells you that in that way is bullshit in what way did he tell you all dramatic he was using that as a threat as to why he still loves Mis a ok but that's bullshit I think i might have happened but it's impetuous he just is looking for the comfortable situation how so sweet? need more explanation it's like god it's like a 15 year old's version of a 5 year old's response yup listen let's not waste our time on this because I don't know what's going to happen good idea i'm ditching a meeting tomorrow at work and it's up to Wes let's see what kind of balls he has with his widdle dick :P LOL do it who cares no Jason Jason is out of town with another kid named Leo right oh I know him yuck Leo SUCKS Benitez not the russian the one that hangs with Burc? not thin dunno if he's with burciago thick oh and latin yea that isn't him then sorry np i'm suprised tree stayed so long nahhh we've been really reconnecting GOOD deal I know I am so blessed HAH they just said on MTV that if you called Madonna esther she prolly wouldn't turn around heh she's nutz she be nutty u be right my dad worked all day today i say him for like 5 minutes does that make you sad? umn angry more like but it was so typical so very perfect that can't say anything about it did you tell him what you needed no you could always say something u just might not be heard your dad WANTS to connect to you trust me the response is not worth the comment oooo i am surprised at you I'm gonna eat ok I LOVE YA i'm dling porn nice i love you TOI enjoy talk to you later gnight gnight peshe mornin peshe morning :) what ya doin? trying to fix the budget for the summer program they are cutting the budget by 5000 :F but I am dumb with $$$ so I aint' doin it right HOW R U? i'm good trying to move a meeting heee its a BEAUTIFUL DAY cousn is snooozing away it is amazing iu just woke up myself nice tree met jessica last night oh yeah? we met her and teddy at the club not gay which club? Fluid AGAIN ugh what was going on there? the wierdest thing ever a punk rock show with ugly girls dancing white people do some wierd shit ha i was thinking about her who? jessica ? yeah i think maybe she talked about her gf so much because she wanted to make me feel comfortable by the by that link didn't work for me what's it to? ooo an airbrush I am ordering art supplies for the summer program and the airbrushes look FUN they are! they require a whole setup though like a compressor and a filter right and regulator they have them for sale the cheapest is 160 but its not in me budget... :( mebbe later yeah it's on my list i HAVE to know this week if we're moving because I am trying to win a free ipod mee too i've got to save the money all month if we are k i'll email Imri is it first & last tink so ... and security ? oh man i don't think i have that much Imri saw a side of me that I've never seen again even if i did no? want me to help? NO u need about 1000 yup what side but I told him he'd never see it again ? ABOUT TO KILL WES but I think he liked it I called him because I wanted to make sure someone let me in I thought wes might be too scared to open the damn door ha shove them through the slot no would not suprise me he's def not coming to this party LOL o y? you said it he's a coward no no he'll come y did he contact you? nope he'll go mikee i haven't talked to wes in a LONG time things are going to be at peace very soon :) I promise i forgot that you can order educational stuff yup makes it much cheaper yup yup yup :D wink wink nudge nudge I have to buy a digital video camera! Farm & Ranch Supplies! :D "THAT""S IN THE BUDGET, BITCHES" konnichiwa KONECHEWA wanna hear something funny what hang on phone k k it's Racquel I should talk to her k but I don't have the strength right now np but anywho u know my fav neckalce with the chinese letters ? Neck Straps & Halters yes !? :F in teh Farm and Ranch Supplies ooo anyway the letter for Love fell off :-/ oh shit I have it but I'm not so sure I should glue it back on ;) i wouldn't k but that's me "I""M NOT IN LOVE" u are SO MUCH LIKE MY MOTHER "SO DON""T FORGET IT" JUST BECAUSE!!!!!! why your mother? that's what she said she says ooo it's symbolic let it go everyone else says a little crazy glue will do the trick ! meh MEOW i don't believe in coincidence me fucking ow i know mikee yes I am hurting so badly take drugs lol :'( he is SUCH an ass I am so sorry for putting you throught this its just hurts I am laughing and crying "yeah, methinks we maybe did that on purpose" it's like when its sunny on one side of the street and raining on the other quite the contrast from the boredness of tedi "good point, lover" tedi sucks tree told him so :-0 LOL she did?! she is so funny well he and I had a great conversation before we went out and we were excited to see him again u know the OLD toots but he wasn't there when we got there just some overdressed boy with pants too small and a shit that needed to be laundered and ironed shirt sorry ha you make him sound like a fag he lookd like one and she looks like a dike but tree says she doesn't think so maybe not probably not she's sweet whatever you know what though tree says she was STARING at me i was looking at these pictures of these boys from England oui? and one of them looks like her? :P no no Tedi but Tedi doesn't pull it off like they were straight what u mean? but they looked like fags oh wait i'll just show you k guh ugh HAH GUH LOL my period is POURING OUT yay! :f jus a lil toof today am I I should bring tree to your house :f do it it's amazing today and you know wat ? i'm probably not going to do much if i get out of this meeting is ok for gram? but we ARE going to see the stepford wives at like 5 ish who? "me, dad, emma, harper" you want to come? nah I can't sit through a movie right now http://www.livejournal.com/users/tartanbeatle/ I can't NOT smoke every 30 mins ha you should go down to the shore trees parents are there mebbe we will "yeah, good to step away and play in the wind" hmmm mebbe sigh stewing in your own juice ain't gonna cut it u be right i had to do the tr thing erase all contents DISCARD burn BLOW SHIT UP did you see those boys? very cute straight boys too much makeup on the one shut up NO serious tedi but not europeans so far ahead of americans straight no but that's what i was thinking of YES wow read the entry oh it's by a girl? yes heh tedi rushes it too much he has the IDEA but not the VISION not like us on Wednesday night u know? right got to put a little time into it right and money that you often DOn't have ;) hehb ok so do you have a backup plan for imri's? no :-/ make one bad timing to say but important to start now k i will now the nonresponse is causing problems no imri is just a party animal "i would have to save the next three checks to move in, and i've already spent the next one" U'LL HAVE THE MONEY DAMMIT "well, the first thing i asked the both of them was how much it was" 400ish that's not good enough i need an exact number and i asked for it in the same breath as mentioning you so? wanting to move in like a month ago email al doing it now k i'm saying though if this doesn't get a response copy me then we need to make sure you have a plan please yea i'll b fine besides there's a possibility that Wes might not move out since he changes his mind so many fucking times oh that's awesome no one said that but u never know\ ha Imri's cute tree said to him when I was waiting for wes to come down y don't u kiss my cousin? ! LOL Oh MY FUCKING GOD I love that girl she's CRAAAAAZY ok listen / lunch is being served ? k enjoy master :P np always do bitch heh i am sitting here gushing blood eating out of saran wrap and i have a hot lunch what's al's email before you go being brought to me i'm using the board because i don't know it what's his name? any wonder why i don't want to move Al something LOL NO listen ON THE BOARD i know you have to go kiL0bYte k thank u bye k ttyl did you get the emizzy? which? to Al and Imri PM oh i'm just finishing mine right now haven't looked yhet ah haaa sorry to bother trying to get tree to go to the beach with me hard she's a BUM tell her it's for emotional purging :) will do sorry know you're busy leaving you aloneski nope finished sent need my popwer cord k pop-OWER DA DA DA! shit i always forget to copy myslef no if it's a pm you'll get a copy peshe! man i need to slow it down a little i just missed a step on the stairs and landed on my shin oh baby you're just a bundie of joy you need wings time for laundry and a bathing suit ask tree if she wants to come here instead ok she would because its not as far but I thought that was imposing upon you ! peshe? is it ok if we come over? :-/ YES come now k hurry with bells k i'm getting in the washer it's gonna take an hour and we'll leave by 4 whoo boy 4? or 4:30 so u can do the moveeeee :) OH LEAVE HERE right i thought you meant leave there no no leave your house ok be there by two... sounds good thank you thank you thank you ANY TIME k laundry k bells see u soon did u see ms. peshe hair ? yes the pic? heee good pic hard to take yeah? well I was taking a picture of the television on a digital camera right so there were all these black lines refresh but I just wanted to know what you thought ? refresh/ what? my peshe? the tv's refresh is the black lines ooooo OK BERT I get it but anywho I know you're busy HAVE AN EXCELLENT DAY i love you i love you too will see you soon k hi peshe hi are you coming to the city today? no good for you don't i miss the trees and birdies enjoy while you can :) are u busy just messing with something what are you doing? pretending to work at my office see I NEVER DO WORK HERE I actually take care of personal shit steal stamps fax shit u know yup are you ok? is burc picking at you again? fine no we talked about a project this morning but it was fine k did all send u the prices of the house he told me 1375 455 a month yup that's what he told me for my room 1155 for his old rrom how's that sound to you? sounds ok :D I am excited to live with you... my peshe :f i'm still not sure i'm going to enjoy it as much as i do living here ok then don't move beebee simple listen I still want to move back into JoAnn's house with Mika and Nero and the yard but I knew I was never going to move on if I didn't move out you have to decide I will be fine either way i don't think that's true of me however i think that the change of scenery might be more efficient whatever you want Mikee remember living at your house right now doesn't always look as beautiful as it does today "actually, i highly disagree with that." sigh maybe a few years ago that was true u know what you have to do what you wanna do I don't want to talk about this because you know how I feel from the basis of my experience and it just offends both of us so might we agree to disagree? fine k just as long as you do what you want on the basis of yourself...and I trust that you will... yup SWEEET ok then so Tedi's off in the woods and we're throwing a PARTY AT YOUR HOUSE :D I need to know what I need to get to bring for you god at this point i dunno shuttlecocks LOL COCKRINGS AND WHIPS a shuttlecock is for badmitton silly oh right :_/ same thing as yesterday with the cockshaw or what's he called cocksure ? coxswain coxson LOL COXSWAIN I have to name something coxswain hah make sure it's little what the coxswain? whatever you name LOL k how was the movie meh oh yea? funny in parts like death becomes her but not what u wanted but not as snappy ohhh I watched pollock last night great movie he was an ass hole or so i'm told its a GREAT film u gotta see we gotta go see saved TRUE I AM FILLED WITH THE SPIRIT OF THE LORD that's what i was thinking about when i was watching stepford wives that u really wanted to see saved? part of it reminded me of it "i'd rather see saved" heee MIKEE?! r ya there? Maria yes i'm here how are ye k how ru? decent watching west wing whats happenin whatchu doin k just wondering what I need to do to upload songs from record but if you want to watch tv then I can wait use that midi thing you have in the doc to make sure you can hear it and get some recording program to capture the audio k on the apple website versiontracker.com versiontracker.com ? yup i can't remember what we used search for what record audio or something audio capture burciago and suzanna are coming to the party i know I am giving them a ride prolly stopping in the city to get them oh hey thanks for that you think everybody has a ride? probably so hang on MIKE WISE IS MOVING TO ALASKA oh damn seriously? good for him tell him i said good on him they're playing jeff buckley on West Wing wow that was unbelievable what? mike is moving to alaska to make money and work on tug boats so he can clear his name ... wow clear? pay his debts how did he get it set up? friend of his... father wants him to work on tug boats going to make about 300/day mikee is this good... yes would you rather him stay here and keep doing what he's been doing for 5 years?? BESTCapture Plug-in 1.2 no not mike "I KNOW THAT""S GOOD" i dunno what that isx i;m talking about the program the bestcapture thing under audio capture try it out k with the records... ok dun dun dun peshe i need some help yes : I got the program sound studio ok but I can't hear the record thru my pooter you need to check the MIDI program and make sure it's playing through k do u have any idea how to do that? i'd have to see it ugh ok I'll play more u can do virtual on my mac can u ? ? like act like your computer is mine like how you do remote connections to other pcs u know? forget it I'll figure it out ok just one question which hole to plug in the one with the headphones or the other? other K GOOD SPANKS np i got it I figured it out all by meself! :) :) good deal :B I am so dumb u would have laughed at me ... y because I had it plugged in the WRONG hole ah damn HOLES pooka yjsy WHAT tha's what it's called in hawai'i LOL a pooka oh awww POOKA k mikee one more problem home ee ? it wont save it as an MP3 only as an AIFF audio lots of squiggle s :-/ squiggles? blips like heart beats anywho do you know what an AIFF Audio is raw audio format hmm there's other options or do I need to find a new program http://www.versiontracker.com/dyn/moreinfo/macosx/17392 try that k thanks I really appreciate this :F dummy over here see this is payback for the eggs! :F eggs? member that morning when you were brain dead? oh right that's not my fault tho nor is this... :F k methinks it will work :B k good deal recording... your name is BIG RBOTHER my name? yes NO STEVIE WONDER boy are u still watching TV? working on flash and watching Bravo I was gonna say go then I am fine... SHEWWW SUZY MY SPANISH IS HORRIBLE I CAN UNDERSTAND A DAMN WORD my bowels are clogged oh no! come over I have prunes heh :) who are you spanishing with>? parents of students I CAN UNDERSTAND but they talk to fast u listening to al huh? yes new mix posted today burciago asked for it how is it i like it asked for electronic music? !?! sure wierd NO OH not weird at all ok then it's not wierd SORRY MIkee yes Wes is coming to your party oh good he seems like he's picked up some I wonder why..... ;) i'm trying to text message trevor and it's a disaster k LOL we have to figure out how to do thru email TREVOR wait TREVOR oh somebody's getting a booty call tree is coming today again oh yeah? i she doin ok? yup just can't resist mah lovin are you in town? i hate phones no jersey not till friday k :) peeeeshe u need help with your phone? i need a secretary LOL good answer :F look at this ? http://www.gfxartist.com/community/member_gallery/44673?continue=true ugh slow to load where you at? WHoaaaaa home nice ass yeah i thought so too heh but not the point no? i think it might be ok ok then listen I need to sleeeep a little I never went to bed last night ok bert k what uh... some other time yeah let's just say wes won't run without realizing it again not saying that he won't run but he'll never not know why again ok sleep i'll catch up with you later love you love you too i'm glad your gram enjoyed the pina thankee'sai :P thanks and thanks again did you sleep? for 15 minutes tree is here again she got drunk and we passed out for 15 minutes we are going out to eat drunk already? from one henieken HINEY ken any luck finding victory? beer? got Sierra Nevada instead NICE PICK Bob said it was good good bob? Ashton's father oh there we go k i'll talk to you lata peshe ok lata peshe i am compiling the musik for the party I'm at the ms and I have 6 hours of music :-/ yo! good deal you're where? this party is going to be my dream come true at home y? ms? ms? wha? "you said ""I'm at the ms" Oh the letter M muddy watters OK now on Outkast :P heh i've been doing a little cleaning like washing the towels thanks! k got the bathroom cleaned yesterday what should I bring nice... "god, just the music" there's already so much stuff how bout chocolate covered strawberries? hey :P that's great with me k vodka watermelon? whoa that's a good idea too k how to make though? easy cut it open...let it soak Wes wil do it how much alcohol you think we need? did you get a keg? half keg that's PLENTY plus i was going to get some hard liquor for the mix crowd k and i'm sure ppl will bring stuff right? tell people to bring stuff no send an email saying not many ppl have gotten back to me about coming I have this...but if you want this...then be creative no? you should see the shit TERI wrote what a cunt WhAT? !?! peep this k homee ;) "Al and Teri: I would love to see you two outside of loud music! Awww! We would love to come - however Al and I are very broke and I am stuck in Bucks County with no gas $ and Al can't even go to his friend's bachelor party Sat nite - we can't go anywhere and not be able to bring something. You guys have lots of fun!" WHAAAAAAT? FUCK HER Al's coming he's driving wes GOOD hold on a sec i wrote her back and said wtf it's a free party dumb CUNT LOL serious for shizzle i'm just going to take it nice and easy between now and then def fruit is a great idea btw no prob don't even think about it just eat it when its there... ha what am i missing i wish i could build a fire ummmm ooo chiminea like Aunt Jo Ann has wonder if you can rent one dunno it's cool though there's going to be plenty of entertainment YO it's HOT today i'm sitting outside and it's already blazin is it? Yes WEAR SUNBLOCK under the shade homie you know my white ass ain't playin in the sun this year aww mikee who's coming Andrew and his wife "i DON""T KNOW" the girls serious send out another email andrew kristen Imri imri i guess Wes you wes al i guess burc his wife I'll find out LOL um james i think no amy no amy she has to work Nat? I am calling Nat right now i haven't heard from her her james too i hope calling her... thanks leavin a message... ian said he was coming UH OH good with two people i have no idea who they are no problem yeah i'm not worried about it um i told him to bring aimee who? oh cousn cant come :( dammit what's she doing? she has no ride and I can't wait for her forget it we'll play again what about pj and rian? nope richie's having his gallery opening :9 richie gay richie the gay roommate right well fuck him ha i need to POOP and i can't i just sit and stare at the wall kate might come after work but i'll be surprised if she does I gotta go right now BRB k k back I have to say I'm gonna miss toots specially with all this music miss him why he's goin somewhere? he's away mikee oh for this party yeah and no one's gonna know the music like toots :( but its kool THEN I CAN HAVE HIS ATTENTION AND MINE meaning all the attention he gets :P "ha, never a truer word has been said" :F TOOF http://www.cnn.com/2004/SHOWBIZ/Music/06/24/music.folds.reut/index.html how's that for toof what the holy fuck hang on do you mean tooth in the metaphoric sense? right ben folds is a funny guy is this a joke? no he's prolly doing it William Shattner's been putting out albums for YEARS spoken word ok but don't they all blow goats nuts? WHAT I didn't read it sorry "trying to work, make the mix" and email.. hold please WHERE IS THE GOAT NUTS? good lord we are at cross purposes k I feel like I am stuck in the wrinkle of time... hang on gotta wake up zeenta bear she's still sleepin ok wes says Ian is def going he's going to make u a watermelon soaked vodka I mean vice versa HA :P peesh what are you doin today? um I should be shopping for the summer program but I am on the couch in my underwear want me to come and we'll run errands? YES. i do NOT feel like workign today u wanna run errands in Jersey or here? up to you i guess. we gots all you need right around here i bet. need like a dollar store there's like three in town ok sounds good want to do a VERY SMALL AMOUNT of clothes shopping for Sat hahahaaa evil grin u know what babe what I wanna see you but I really need to be here ok :( stay ! i may swim today u know what DAMMIT put a toe in I'm coming forget it I'm coming u bitch heh :B the water is AMAZING i aready put a toe in alright let me get stuff done then and I'll be over YAY k gotta go now then k? l l ! k LOL also I am going to bring my pooter I have to do some online ordering "ok, we can do work here" of art supplies k in the back yarrrrd spanks k yar! Ill be over by one pm OK OK PESHE see you soonly k xoxox :B LOL :E LOL ok k bye bye hi pesh! how r u? decent hot how are you? I am SLEEPY my strawberries look terrible :( haha the dog is freaking out don't worry about it and the cat is and my grandmom is not speaking any english again italian? no CHINESE sorry oh hey OH HEY did you get your stuff done? "a whole hell of a lot of it, yes" THANKEE'SAI aye I can't wait nor can i :D :D people just need to show up now and it's a fine party they will I haven't heard from Burc I guess I will talk to him tonight nor have i i think i pissed Emma right off ha y? your dad was def in a mood yesterday huh? yes def today too he wants to CUT the GRASS tonight and i asked him not to and he didn't want to hear any of that well "i think he views it as his house, u know?" GUESS WHAT it's not he's just being stubborn but i'd had enough of it so when emma came over right and either Harper or Jack knocked over the net i had set up "they both came in like, ""we knocked over your net" yea? "so i said ""well, Put it back UP" bitches! :D good for you i think she was shocked well she got the stuff out of her car and just left was it that hard to put back up? No. and it was common sense right? that's what I woulda done I mean shit... Right?! how hard could it be? LOL ridiculous i bet i catch shit over it from my dad later emma prolly knocked it with her fat arse i'm so over it though LOL yea think about the party instead :) dude i have pretty much everything together all of it's here good ready to go good paid for the alchy u need $$? "um, no, but i just remembered that i owe you $20" $30 this party is IT for me for a month i'm dropping off after it's over hold on phone k k back called Wes to remind about watermelon he got the vodka did you ever get ahold of natalie? dude i got a handle of Ketel One wha? calling natalie now neat giving her directions OH YAY you tell her i said YAY YAYAYAYAYYYYYYY "if you talk to Wes again, would you ask him to see if James needs directions?" James as in natalie's james or amy's james ninja turtle? Amy's james uh ok Natalie's definitely coming fucking a that's great gave her directions do you think James will come too? her james? he is but OH MY GOD ? The PORCH UMBRELLA JUST BLEW AWAY :_O ahhH! go get it? don't tell anyone shhhhh LOL yes I must in a minute yer gonna miss it I am sitting here is it raining? IT IS THE END OF THE EARTH LOL man my badmitton might get blown down but HEY my dad won't get to MOW muahahahaaaaa :P where's your grans? peshe HAAAAAAAAAIR watching tv she doin ok? can't hear a god damn thing i'm saying LOL "fuckin old man" nor will she respond in the right language I KNOW FUCKING ITALIAN BROAD is it hard to help her ? no just sad because there's nothing diff except she can't do anything and her mind's gone she thinks I am my mother ahhh and *i think* she keeps talking to me about my father I can sort of understand her it's just like being in the 5th dimension HAVING to hang out with someone you used to know but don't anymore i'm not sure i have enough experience to understand hang on k mikee yes that was funny wha I am sitting her while my grandmom's watching the news all calm and I see the umbrella fly up and off the deck ITSA TWISTA! good lord auntie M so funny I JUST SAT THERE WITH MY MOUTH OPEN JAJAJjAAAA aight I need a shower oke doke smell like peshe hairs ;P we're living with THIS dude PHTP whoa WHOAHHHH ok peesh k enjoy your shower i love you love ya too! call me if you need anything oke doke if you talk to Burc tell him to call me n[ np k xoxox bi bi gay gay u wanna go to boat if i pay? "nope, but thank you" k how r ya? "good, how are you?" buuuuuusy with work? yup n have to find pookie oh right he will find you i'm sure i am ignoring him right now :-/ no time... Pookie? isn't he staying with you? 2night can't deal until then what about his stuff? i duno maria wha? he's in town and tried to reach you already? yea but he didn't say that he was coming until tonight he came early i can't accomodate right now not even to let him in your house? give him a key or something? mikee he has other friends here jesus "yeah, but you offered to let him stay with you" not for tonight i mean last night HE CALLED ME AN HOUR BEFORE HE GOT HERE i'm confused he's been here since yesterday ? unexpectedly yes ok. as long as he isn't getting off a plane with no where to go but i started summer camp today i couldnt have him last night on no notice he said it was kool um did you want to see pookie sure k i'm gonna call him right now he's only in town for tonight then? hang on calling PESHES This is easier for me k I am trying to tell you both about pookie k where's toot? k ah ha ok I jsut talked to pookie he is with his friend kim they are going to eat and then call me I will be done work about seven shall we all hang out tonight? ok what shall we do? tonight is the only night he will be here? Get Tipsy I think so i dunno he is headed to NY hold on yeah i think he leaves tomorrow anyway tonight is best for me I AM REALLY FUCKING BUSY I have to teach ALL day tomorrow "Ok, well, lets do thangs" and wedensday sucks coooooooooooooooooooooocks so might as well do it while I am still alive :P i know but it will ease up in a minue Wesley Willis Look Angie's computer is about to die so why dont yall just call me around 8 or so cool? k mikee? yes any desire to hang? um not really k i'll tell pookie u said hello ok thanks k how was the post party cleanup? easy whew good yeah I thought we left u with a mess it went well nah not at all did anyone stay ? "james, amy, kristen, andrew" kristen OH nICE is a cunt oh? ha why u hating on her? she's just high maintenance because of her obviously low self esteem yeah oh yeah! and she's angry how old? 33 you would NOT BELIEVE WOOW what? what she started saying to me for like a half hour she's like "everything will be ok. you're still young. you'll find someone soon" and i have NO IDEA how we got on that "you need to stop looking" like ? huh she was being condescending about something did u even ask her that we weren't even talking about NO what?| fucking stupid andrew is TRAPPED at like 4 i had to tell them that i wanted to sleep so i brought them all back up to the house but then James and I started playing chess and Andrew and Kristen passed out where? in my room awww i put them across the hall and you had spaces for eveyone else and gave james and amy my room awww and i slept in the twin bess beds AWWW widdle James slept till 6:30PM the next day WOW yeah that must have been a little awkward andrew and K left at like 2:30 um...go home please ha u know i woulda i told them they could stay been like GETTHEFUCKOUT MOFO I know and i didn't wake him up or wouldn't ur nice wasn't a big deal really good i'm still catching up on my own sleep g-ma was kool? very can't catch up on sleep she was really happy with the party good biologically impossible gotta keep movin w/e i'm sleepy so i'm sleeping ME TOO but I can't sleep I got so much shit to do and so little time cut some of it out but maybe I shall nap for a few minutes can't I am the head honcho :p ok with power responsibility :) I might sleep for 15 min I have a horrible headache :( mikee yes u should come see pookie i'm not very sociable today ha if they were staying longer i defintiely would I spent the morning with 25 screaming teenagers but whatever ... I'm gonna go ok bye hey... hi did pookie come over? :) nope ? i heard from him earlier wha happened o? and they were going to call me after they had visited south street but that was a while ago hmmmm his car's here but he's not ... they must still be there k SLEEEEEEPY sleep! can't pookie will be coming back soon have to entertain ok how r u? full i ate SO MUCH today oooo i am hungry HONGRY eat ! k k jeez no compaining sorrt sorry... HAHA i'm just big on self fulfillment today mmmm whew I taught ALL day :-/ I am wiped how's it going? better better all the time hard in the beginning new kids? yup new kids new school all day 10-5\ r u enjoying it? more and more yesterday was VERY hard but I am getting into the hang it's only for 8 weeks so not much time with them and so much to do ACK ? my powerbook has ants! ACK ACK ACK one just crawled out LOL he was taking a sauna :D so what else is new nothin peesh been thinking about moving new food new schedule yup CH CH CHANGES turn and face the strange mah brotha burciago is coming over here to work tomorrow can you believe that ? LOL I knew he would once he saw wants to meet you on your turf are ok with that? sure easier for me probably won't work much i was going to come to the city in case i didn't see pookie maybe i'll come back in with him k if P & D are still around oh man maria it is just amazing outside right now this day has been unbelievable like what i'd been hoping for all winter this is like San Francisco weather hiya hi peesh can't come over ok sorry to much to do just seeing how you're doing really OVERWHELMED completely overwhelmed :( anything i can do to help? ummm give me $$$ heee nah u know what you can do for me? ? try and find a digi video camera for under 500? mine was k a DV camera? I need to order it online like as in record yup yup not to take pictures? make movies ok both if possible ok "YOU""RE THE BEST" I need to order by tonight ok how are u having fun with burc yup playing i feel bad pookie left and I got to see him for a total of 15 min ! awww its kool he's still here he's on south street he's leaving soon i think he's coming by my place cool you didn't get to see him last night? I was going to go out with him tonight nope too tired can't even stay awake too long and have to much to do the next day remember all those days last week when we fucked around? I am paying for that now... :F ha toof :( sigh so if you can find the camera does it matter from where you get it? nah if there's options for k-12 education or non-profits then take it also it would be kool if I could get billed ok like a purchase order? yeah "but if not, I'd need to know by 4pm" because then I can charge it prolly LOL ok actually no I CAN'T DO THAT so bill is only way thanks babe ok i'll see what i can find out k gonna go home soon so I'll get back online :) there ok k :p "darling, usually when you use a purchase order you have a list of vendors that you're authorised to work with, so you don't have to fill out a credit application... do you happen to know of any that you're already set up with?\" hang on let me check k would staples have it? looking k we have a staples account they have two to choose from ugh none under 500? both wow hang on k these are still cameras oh not movie? nope oooo no movie :( is there a link for video? not on staples like another vendor they have a relaitonship with? do you have an account with amazon? ummm nope we're small so staples is the one but they have dell computers here lemme see how they got those dell probably has cameras they do I've bought one before but I dunno is we have an account i think we do have something with dell so u wanna check for me? sure thanks bee bee I AM SO GRATEFUL just still cameras NO I need video and still still they have u know what I'm saying? no video they don't have oh on dell dell DAMN doesn't have where'd you get yours? amazon WAIT :) :F waiting one thakes more than three weeks to ship http://accessories.us.dell.com/sna/search.aspx?c=us&l=en&cs=RC978043&cat=snp&rca=true&Snppdpu=true&Snppgsa=true&Snppmss=true&Snppmsnp=true&snppsnp=true&sku=&mnfsku=&SearchType=AND&Page=search.aspx&Pageb4Search=searchBar&spagenum=1&orderby=category_name&SubmitSearch=&selectiontypeids=2%2C3%2C4&iCompatid=&brandid=&mnf=&InStock=&k=DV&category_id=4005&prst=200&prEnd=500 that's ok ok that's the one then thanks doing sixty million things at once I am going to die soon :B haha nah is it going to be like this all summer? no just for the next two days good I have to call the other teacher tonight I am only teaching one day a week this is too much do it yup my old boss came here and she told me to do it :F um I can't load the camera is pOokie there? "nope, they decided to head out before rush hour" k whew I feel sad that I never got to hanf but such is life I am relieved to have them gone tho I can go sleep in my bed again! ha i kno what you mean MY PUFF BED http://accessories.us.dell.com/sna/search.aspx?c=us&l=en&cs=RC978043&cat=snp&rca=true&Snppdpu=true&Snppgsa=true&Snppmss=true&Snppmsnp=true&snppsnp=true&sku=&mnfsku=&SearchType=AND&Page=search.aspx&Pageb4Search=searchBar&spagenum=1&orderby=category_name&SubmitSearch=&selectiontypeids=2%2C3%2C4&iCompatid=&brandid=&x=0&y=0&mnf=&InStock=&k=DV&category_id=4005&prst=200&prEnd=500 PUFF spot where were you sleeping? THE COUCH :( wow my back is killing me I know and all the work I've been doing the couch hasn't helped I haven't slept at all too hot mikee yes it's not working babe sorry ok should I call? sure k the one you're looking for is the Panasonic PV-GS9 can I have the camera model number thanks so smart u r tell them you're an educational buyer k I haven't left the office yet or they should know that from your account or eaten k EAT lemme kall call will get back to you k talking to them now k think its gonna be COOOL :D U DA SHIT PRETTY TONEY MAN ha i'm glad i could help burc helped too tell him thanks done. bought a canon one instead and its being shipped in 3 5 days 3 to 5 awesome did they have many choices? no but the canons a good one yes I ordered it for another school u know what this means ? (looks around) LOL we get to use it! :F Awesome mine is kaput dammit k the lady from dell sent me an attachment and I can't open it figures fucking PCs what is it? hang on I figured it out OK I GOTTA GET OUT OF THIS PIECE jeebus as burc would say k we're in the pool i'll catch up with you later k no kissing not til the second date :F love you hi peesh hi on phone k i'm thinking why can't I lie on these items? I mean if there not collecting the receipts then how will they know I haven't spent it all on June 30th? !! um maybe not now but in seven year s ? won't be here for that :F DEFINITELY WON'T lie by how much? well I am not lieing about anything except the DATE of the expenditure my work already has the money I got an advance ... ok wait FUCK THIS SHIIIIIT k what are we lying about? LOL THE DATE of the xpenditure fuck it serious what are we buying? fucking PENCILS AND PENS BASICALLY hhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhh can u hear me doing that ? HUHHHHHHHHHHHHH do it LOL yes fuck this the reason I am really saying this is because I just talked to my aunt about ym g-ma and she is totally ridden with anxiety from DIMENTIA I am not going to suffer from DIMENTIA because I bought pencils on July 3rd instead of June 30th let them fire me good god i'm too drunk to comprehend the possible correlations LOL are u? are u in the city? and the other thing is nope home the only thing that eases my g-ma's state of mins mind are you ready for this? is when she goes to SOCIALIZE aka partying and getting fucked up and having a good time so let's ask ourselves stay awake until 12am ordering charcoals? OR HAVE A PIECE OF MY BRAIN LEFT !!?!?! Maria that makes NO SENSe to me huh? I am saying that all this worrying is putting plaque on my brain ok TRUE so that when I'm old i'll be demented like my grandmom unless I stop worring and have a fucking good time :B GOT IT? yes i understand and perhaps true but then again i don't believe in worrying anyway so .. I know fuck it yes fuck it thanks U :E HIIII THE BITCH IS BACK says elton LOL :D HI PESHE HI I am better again HI HI HI YES BETTER? YES MUCH BETTER good Harry Pothead haha that's me dan was like i should have brought .. around 7 when the sun was setting what happened nothin we worked for a little while then swam then played pool then played Bond did you guys makeout? just kidding ha not burc like lil boys i wonder if burciago would nah he would pee hisself HA someone broke my tab key your wha? I think Pookie was playing video games TAB key on your computer? yup it's sluggish oh lord that thing needs medical attention :( sniffle I treat it well she took a bath this morning I bathed her and told her how wonderful she is heh um may I ask y u are drunk? rum hmmm we were drinking while playing bond i see says the blind one 8-) "jamaica on yo' mind, raaaaay" hee I am giddy now oh yes? oh YES "party in my pants, bitches" :F LOL good lord y are you giddy my love? BECAUSE I RELEASED WHAT WAS OUT OF MY CONTROL ! oh yes the crayons and the pencils ooo seriously "Air, huh?" if that was getting you down then ... haven't listened to them in a while betta i have lots yup of Air? :f and crayons and pencils u and me are like fucking Bill Cosby [picture pages] haha picture page it's picture page it's time to do a picture page time to get your crayons and your pencils ! it's time to get out your crayons and your PENcils :F LOL LOL :C whoa o my ! :G :c pierced :c) LOL LOL tedi's gf :c| {;E no here she is unibrow LOL an TOOOF :c{) O MY!!!!!!! LOLOLOLOL {:c{) {:{B }:{B> MIKEEE yes "u have gone to the Edge, Edge" and beyond need more rum burc left k :( AWWW I miss ye I feel like I haven't see ya in years haha can I call ya? sure or too late? k pick up first ring oui? k WIAT i'll call you k k home or cell cell phone k is fine voicemail o hang on can I cal u? or too lud? loud? lemme call you then call house k 215 755 4472 I DID IT ITS FUCKING DONE :P YAYYAYAYYAYAAAAAY done done done peshe peshe sheeen sheeeeen toof? :F HAHA TOOF SHEEEEEEN we be looking SHEEEN "yay, you are done sheen?" yup whatcha doin at the office whatchu doin? hang on talking to Kate k "mom, i'm going to get my wallet from Roxana.." k now? yeah want to have it done k call me if you get a chance u staying here tonight my phone es dea d k um i was going to go back to jerz family is arriving k sorry I missed you :( I'll be here til 6:30 wait if you could stop over where are ye? HOME ok probably won't get there before 6:30 :( k mebbe I'll come see you this weekend if that's cool sure if you like going to be a family reunion all weekend o forget it then mebbe monday ok i'll be around def LOVE U SHEEN you sure you don't want me to run up to Wacovia for you? I'll talk to you nah i love you tooooo! later date "i can, it's easy" ok :-* forgettabout it heh tty l8r ok laters :F peeesh wes and i are having this argument about who sings stand by me look it up? and I say its the righteous brothers there's a lot of misinformation he says? ... Otis Redding LOL tree says Lionel Ritchie :F toof she is so out of touch its brillant HA I know i lover her mee too she said OH WHO CARES she's right BEcky her version of TY TR wrote her and said this: "Yeah, so I don't know if I told you, but I married my honey!I'm so happy about that one." there are 36 versions of it on the iTunes Music Store I know its the righteous brothers i swear at least the version he likes he is a dumbass The one from the movie is sung by Ben E. King right I said that and he said no i think that's the only one i know of mee too who cares did u see about becky? who is BECKY go back n read! :F ok i was conforked the first two times i read it how does she feel about that? nothing we were just commenting on what a wierd person she is to say it that way u know? "I'm so happy about that one?" I KNOW WIERD :F :B :E let's you and me get hitched and play stand by me walkin down the aisle OK "yoU""RE ON" and then i'll say "I'm so happy about that one" LOL score one for me score two for both of us i need my power cord brb and hey k ? i just sent you a message on the board PM or boards ? yup reading now got to call tom back i'll bbs i'm gonna go I love you ok he's not there sleep well i love you too u too bye bye bee bee was the letter ok? so polite u r so sweet ok i hope they don't think i'm trying to be fake w/e nooo who cares he can call me he will don't worry ha ok have a good night i'll see you soonly OK xoxox love u :B peshe hi i may come out to see u today ok if you're not busy HI HI would that be cool? yes sure yeah come k lemme call u about 1pm...cool? yup how are ye this morning? fat and happy GREAT how are you doing? GREAT YAY sentimental over who? life nostalgic? lester has no lips :) time passes so quickly kinda I just get this way sometimes but normally on Sundays :P o word? ha all those showed up at once um yes ok today is a day of reckoning if you ask me I will call u at one ok sounds good and kinda deja vu :) :B talk to you later :F ok toof peshe? yes I don't think today's gonna work :( ok are you ok? yup I hate my job lately ahh because it's too much work? yes non profit sucks you think you could do for profit? eventually I'l be alright ok but I am off tomorrow is what I was going to say if I get shit done today then tomorrow's load is lighter :) ok pesche i'll be right here k I miss ye terribly OH FUCK IT I'm a comin LOL I'm a comin BOTH DAYS OK OK dewit k am I imposing? nope k but i am planning on laying my father to waste today see u soonly then so you know LOL ok wait what? laying father to waste? he's supposed to show up today after work probably late afternoon is it ok if i'm there "i'm annoyed with him in a lot of different ways, and i'm going to lay it out for him" Sue sure Suzy LOL SUZZZZZZZY i might have to disappear for a minute that's all k I ll call when I'm upon my way oke doke k xoxo bi bi :B :F hi peeeesh hi u ain't gonna be around to help me move BITCHES! ha :P i read that wes was doing it I knew you'd figure a way out of it wha? where? in the private forum oooo scusa me! "private" I have to help meagan this weekend I was just being bitchy I DO have to help her ha ok bon chance I know "um, i haven't heard anything from Imri at all" I know he wants to throw a move in party :_/ :-/ wes said no that's what the post was about imri wanted to throw party I know wes said I know I called Imri i'll be moving me and maria SCUSE ME that means I have to move Wes!?! no i think he move you got to earn his balls LOL is imri pissed? ok yeah Imri has been crossing the line with you? yeah Wes wants to KILL but I dunno I think Imri is just flirtatious sure naturally so if he's pissed i guess there's nothing i can do about it? what you mean? pissed about having to find fourth roommate oh are u still worrying about that? i didn't hear NAYTHING yeah... I see what you mean... I haven't signed the lease yet w/e it's falling off my list as of now but I guess I'm in because now we're throwing parties yes toss off list i think my dad would give me the money to move in :) O YEAAAAAAAAAAAA? :D :P i'd feel like an idiot though all the way around no job moving well wait a minute no no changing mind at least twice I am being selfish changin your mind isn't the issue the issue is do you think you need to move out to move on? or do you need to get a job first "if i stay here, he's offered me a job working with him" o u want that? i could have my penn bill paid in three months ok is that the goal? Yes. the penn bill paid? have to then go for it within the year and really by jan so i can apply to grad school Maria I have to take the GRE that came out of nowhere i'm not worried about it just WEIRD took the online test with burc got them all right good even though didn't know what the fucking words meant nice u know how to take those tests mikee yes u are stressing me out LOL y? I gotta go because u have so many easy things to do and I have so many hard things "moving, job, city" u have to stay in the burbs by your pool and take a test and twist pipes with your dad :) which you deserve but I got many a hill to climb ok go climb i'll talk to you later k love you very much do what's best for you :) k? k i love you too peshe? hi peesh hi i am so sorry I didn't get to call u back SO SLEEPY no problem i went to bed at 10 i was too mee too i am still tied 2day oh yeah? tired are you at the office? oui no have to teach at 12:30 :( awww i hate this job right now awwwwwwww the kids are fun tho right? they're tiring they make me very confrontational and angry because it reminds me of a lot of the struggles I went thru when I was their age maybe that's why you got to deal with it? don't have the energy right now today... ha i've gotten TONS done this morning good wha? i made my dentist appointment nice i made my bed AND aw i scheduled an interview for this afternoon oH MY OH MY SO PROUD OF YOU for what? being someones exec assis at a gallery in olde city i'm just going to see what they have to see OH MIKEE YES YES YES YES YES YES and see how it stacks up with what i've got already DO IT LIL BUGGER I'll pray that its cool and "that if not, you are happy with what you've got" i am k so I'm assuming you're NOT moving in :-/ yes unless LOL wait and this wasn't the idea until about 10 minutes ago you are not moving in? or you are? i'm going to see what happens at this interview ok if they offered me enough money to pay off my load what time is interview? loan then yes if not then no 3:30 k GOOD LUCKSKI fanks I have to say tho I don't think they will pay u as much as the plumbing job it's the arts u know? yeah i'm not expecting too much but then again industry rate would be about what i get from my dad heh ok then it'd be a great experience :D mikee yes I gotta go get5 ready for work ok i'll talk to you later k I'll pray for you I love you jeebus I love you tooo ? :-* just kidding i'm telling burciago to quit LOL :* he should xoxoxooxxxx :F :B mikee? yes can we chit chatter here my phone sucks going to call my sister in a min but sure ok well just want to say I am very proud of you whatever will be i love you awww very deeply thanks my love you know i love you too I do I trust you more than most we are very connected :) yup TRUE we go to bed at the same time yup and wake up in the same dream ... heh :F toof! hee this is all working out toof it is it is i just bought my ticket to go tis to Cacalaca? YUP :F kool with my little toof n gang aw mikee al's room is cool its not wierd it's perfect for you oh yeah there's a wall where you can build two spaces out of one very fung shui good deal sigh I am a little down dunno :-/ y? just slowing from all the hype of the past few months I guess and I haven't told you my new plan isn't that ood tho ? what's the new plan? good yes well I think I am going to go into pyschology oh yes become a dr. you told me oh cool art therapy yup I am going to do a Psy D. and art therapy ... but first to find the $$ :P so we will both work on grad school K/ k? j' HA k JA jaja jej yes that is the plan :F and i even told them today STAN that was the plan STAN nice the art people what's it called? October Gallery NICE yes tedi was asking nice place good ppl nice good ! :) i really hope it works out it will the guy talked to me for a while good things do and introd me to the other guy right and said they would get back to me to talk about specifics timing money projects right etc how did u know that they're going to hire you besides your obvious superiority :B ha um i don't know don't know for sure but it went well enough and they said that they would talk with each other and definitely wanted to talk to me again so k kool remember I am a reference if u need right thanks np ok i'm going to call ashton k hi to her tty tomorrow ok love you love you too g'night bye pesheeee lateerrrs :D gnight peshe :P gnight lover this is so strange heh IF YOU LAUGH LOUD I can hear you :F toof :B toof is back BITCHES DOMINATIONNNNNNN :G DOMINATTTTTTTIIOOOOOOOOONNNNNN eeeexcellent hmmm konechewa imma gonna sleep great 2night bitches yup g'night darling ok my love :-* see you in the aftermorning k :f MIKEE u busy? hi peshe u comin home soon? hallo wanda i hope so k how are you doing I love you SO GOOD i love you too played all day oop :F sorry he shopping? no hanging with Wes and Aaron his roomie he's fun! and wes has a dog at his house named Bart :) PUPEE mmmmm what kind ? a lil white mutt looks like the Fraggle Dog with two diff color eyes one brown and one blue heh what you doin now? layin on me bed in my underwear heh swolls i'm going to leave in a bout an hour no plans for the night so far.. k tedi's sposed to come over and I'm talking to Dave YAY DAVE I'm inviting him over k him and tedi are coming over tonight going to nap a while see u when you get home hi hi pesche do you think he gets this? :P "if he doesn't, he will soon" "ThAT""S WHAT I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY" :P AHHAHH :F :F TOOF LIVES domination long live the TOOF domination is painful sometimes requires relaxation not inherently present in warm blooded animals roight sooooo... did we get to have our talk? yes we are done spanks "no, thank you" fucking weird tho I thought you were going to yell at me about the TV HA that was the second thing only ALRIGHT? IT WAS GENIUS sumbass dumbass doesn't get it peshe ok doesn't get it is what i said yes TRUE PECHE! PECHE !! PECHE HAAAAAAIIIIIIIR u mean peshe PEEEEEESHE HAIR. PEEEEESHE shE hair thank u miss poopy hair i love you owen i love you more than anything that I could say or do juan has beautiful eyes i think so do deep ones like burc friendly yup this is what we said we wouldn't do tho is ok i'm not giving up our secret conversations nothing negative just banter but I'm saying its as ralph said monkeys have to watch how high they climb for they show too much of their tales ;) dunno hi are u home? hi owen yup pooping where are you? ahhh just got done pooping insatiable appetite today dunno why i ate all day too gave me burning what's up with that u know me I get afraid I'm pregnant I hate it from eating? LOL no like eating to feed two or something u know psycho shit i just slammed tedi on the forum for what? ur article about music and fluidity he said it was interesting I said NICE FUCKING DESCRIPTION "interesting" that really sums it ALL up chief i haven't even read it myself well that was just to pick at him he did make a good point how was your day? um ok u? pretty good the car needed fixin 75$$ ugh but what's up with your car? I'm glad I got it done needed an oil change whoa but then he fixed other shit ok "wipers, etc" but he said the front axles need to be fixed soon $300 ugh I'm gonna have to put that off until Nov I'm gonna ask Al if he thinks that's smart um that's how i totalled my car i think he said that the grease would spill out I don't think its the axles themselves its the dents in the body mebbe ok dunno u knoe w all these djs on this forum should read this article this is totally right on: "astly, my best advice when looking for inspiration is to listen to your favorite pieces of music. Listen to the structure behind a piece and think about how you might write an algorithm to create that structure. Once you start writing the code you'll start to get more ideas based upon it, so that the eventual music sounds nothing like what you found inspiration from." "yeah, just the idea of live coding is pretty crazy" connected to music is really convergent good stuff it could completely refresh the scene tho reinvent it u know? it could the talent bar goes way up tho only a few people could do it at least at first TRUE but might make the scene viable again not just any idiot u know? ha oh guess what?! what tree is going to bartending school :P YAY isn't that great? good IDEA I wanna do that I KNOW I think I'm gonna try to bartend $$$ :P "yeah, i want a yob at bump" like two nights a week hmmm get it then where me? sisters/ "D" :F heh silk city me? silk city? i've ne'er been it's a neat place mebbe imri can help me get a gig good for something have you talked to him at all>? no he's here tho "yeah, i keep hearing somebody shuffle up and down the steps" shuffle shuffle might be a snuffle snuffle lump ah ha sooo i need a cig k wanna meet up sometime? I'd love to see what you look like! ha it'll be our first date i'm fallin asleep over here k u sleep i smoke and prolly eat more ! k hi peshe :) hi whacha doin? watching GW Bush heh on tv? yup KINGNIGITS he hasn't said anything yet yet? or evar? :P jej ja :B oooo have gas; will fart :F LOL LOL too verd trim your bush how did you know I needed to do that? and bleach my muzzz im thinking... I'm not gonna go to NYC ? can't afford it ah well I CAN but its too much unless I come into $200 before next Wed whoa i jujst got that message i just sent it I'm doing stuff "and it was giving me the ""TOO MUCH DATA SHIT" ah most of this speech is about the schools word!?! what s he sayin? talking about no child left behind making the point stick focus on reading and math hasn't said anything about funding it but i don't expect him to he isn't funding it sadaam hussein is :P funding college degrees comprehensive tests before graduation focus more on math and science ok he said it wha? no $$ Marriage Amendment ooo ur issue mine education u the union of the homos FUCK BUSH its NOT AN AMENDMENT its an inalienable right dammit it's a good speech ooo wonder who wrote sam seaborne mornin! mornin peche busy bee? at La Colombe locked out sigh she locked you out? or she forgot to come in? "locked out, not here yet" i don't have a key to the big wooden doors most of the time they stay open wierd "u won't be penalized, will u?" not my fault right not at all ugh ? the cat makes me so damn itchy ITCHY N SCRATCHY ! :o as long as you don't end up killing each other ha chicken cordon cat no no mini me we do not eat our kitty i got a milk and honey and it is SO GOOD we do not eat our KITTEE milk and honey good song by beck glad you're enjoyinh peshe hair ok lover time for yoga! enjoy your digereedoobie and you your yoga spanks r u going to the damn marine underworld tonight? depends on if we can go for free hmmmm I dunno i think its more of a sneak on up to us i'm closing my bank account today and opening up a new one so my check is tied up fuck it lets go when we don't have $$ thats when we get shit for free you got it ok so I have to babysit but I shall call ye oke doke will u answer the house phone? yes k I'll call u around seven or so this fuckin IM I HATE IT ha ok k love u peshe i lurve ya two have a GRRRREAT ONE you too toof :F :B i just got a call from Dave o? yup his party is tonight not going in Baltimore his new apartment is in Baltimore? i'd rather do that than go to the boat party OH I thought... OH no then it is in Philly go then I don't want to go "thanks, tho" lo peshe? u there? yup went to the bathroom i gotta run ok but have fun whatever you do mmmkay? "ok, enjoy the baybeee" did u decide what you're doing tonight? hey.. hi pesche hi hsng hsng on ok where are ya? in my room where are you ? upstairs hi i didn't know anyone was home I am home been home all DAMN DAY! :) homealome yup :F fun fun good deal peshe peshe i saw hero with my dad ooooo did u love?!? got all sniffly I know unbelievable listen u gota work early eh? same as usual unless i've been fired what's up ja goin to soma tonight? nope I mean period not question mark read: I am going goin to soma tonight . fun right solly no prolly k I'm coming down ok hi peshe howdy do how u feeling hungry how are you? sad bad dates I mean bad day heh u too? indy! nah u are smart today was busy as shit but quiet o owrd word I mean :F are you doin ok? yup you want to come to whole foods with me? always nah not now naked boy next to me :B oh i see musn't move i'm going to get crusty bread and stinky cheese not now sweet mmm will u get me something? sure ! two things mebbe cashews what's that and ok listen good by the counter where they sell the various dishes and sandwiches if you turn around near the buffet there's crackers I want Dr. Kraker Spelt Sunflower Crackers with Swiss cheese (the cheese is dried on there) Ohh Kay. :F imma gonna write that down good indy spanks we named the dog Indiana I am going to the movies store movie store want anything what are you getting? dunno i almost stopped and got the first LOTR on the way home but i've got the third one here so i'm just going to watch it but i perciate it ok duty calls i'll see you when i get back k k Spelt Spelt heh "did you get the stinkin crackers, cracker?" ;) yup ah ha :clap: clap clap mikeeeeee hi hi hi hi hi hi "ryhnsjgdel,khgimqyuk,rfyudiojmhv" 384679yikmygm g m "hello mikey. bye! heart, Natalie." mikeyis the neatest! he has the tightest buns and the best hair! "he's so cool, hell would defrost ... if he went there and stuff!" nighty night... orgood morning. hi bean hi "next time, please come in and just get the necklaces" u know I have no sense of privacy :) i poked my head in this morning cuz i thought you were up but i think it was wes? wes was up I am just discovering discovering? hi this is wes she's going to take a poop ah which necklace do you want the one i wanted to wear today was the moonstone but really i just want them to be on my dresser i don't care if she wears them but we're both guilty of keeping stuff she wants to wear one but the rest will go back now and i've got to get better and return it lol we are all bad with that i still have some of imri's records shhhhhhh ;) she just rubbed bare peeshi on my face when I wasn't looking ew ;) washed peche? i don't think so once again ew she misses you we miss you especially last night i'm so glad to have slept... it sounded like you all had fun sleep is definitely is worth it so nights so i understand how work going? i hope well. not really. i hate it i'm looking for a different job paula is too inarticulate aw... *hug* we can come and get you if you want we're here if you need to be rescued or we can just drive to manayunk and have lunch with you i appreciate the sentiment but most days i'm an adult so are we hi peesh u at grandmoms? hallow wanda yes k what are you doin? laying in bed did you go out last night? yes with dad out to eat bed early 12 30 good deal u ? whats goin on> :( easier just to come straight here.. i had to pick up my check from my dad from last week from plumbing? or from hymen hymen ooooo i seee it gets mailed to dad? or u have to pay him back or something "nah, he cashed it for me because i closed my bank account and they totally fucked up my last name on the check" wha? kingnigits heh complicated i think i am going to start working with him on the weekends tho i like that pic of u oh yeah more $$? we have the same avatar! yes quite simply plus it would be fun to work with him wow never thought'd i'd hear u say that good for u "yeah, it's nice/better" i'm coming back into the city after an early lunch i think i'm going to buy an armoire i found one that's crazy cheap oooo good at the zulu place on spruce nope craigslist ahh :) wanna dance 2night? my treat sure Kim is in town she asked if we were going out yay! yea! with joey and nat k i'll email her yes yes u must i miss u "yeah, we don't see each other that much these days" not in the happy dancing way :) i am so proud of myself i just drew a gear and it looks great wow!!!! yay! :D great i wannasee it! gonna eat ok tty later laters xoxo http://www.cnn.com/2004/SHOWBIZ/TV/09/13/people.oprahs.surprise.ap/index.html k meet you at the cheese hi thanks for this email allo np its cool did you read his resume? not yet I read his bio he works for the corporation that handles our finances Philadelphia Health Management Corporation ahh small world yup :P what you doin? crying WHY I feel like I try to help everyone and I should just hide in a hole because I do no good um that's a difficult reaction to have lol wes wants to go back to school so i hear but he doesn't want to hear any opinion on it i can understand why I have to smile and hold my tongue why? he says I don't want to be poor and then in the next breath says I want to go back to school it's probably a very fragile arrangement he has in his head why do you feel the need to comment? I didn't actually want to talk about it he kept pressing the matter I walked away but he kept saying you're so negative you're so negative and I'm not I'm just tired today I don't want to talk I don't want to fight I don't have a good opinion right now but he kept pressing is he still here? of course not he always leaves but that wasn't necessarily a bad idea i don't think so he's been here since sunday I just hate when he leaves on a bad note it hurts my head my advice is pretty thin I don't need any I just need to be cut some slack sometimes you're the only person who can do that wes is hard on me y do I have to be presented with everything all the time and respond positively you don't have to respond positively right? you choose to I mean when I tell you certain things same way you don't always say GO FOR IT you can choose to take things seriously or cut yourself some slack and not and I understand I mean he changes his mind so much last weekend he talked about opening a restaurant this weekend its school ok that bothers you? its confusing you're taking him too seriously um ok if you know he changes his mind regularly see what floats to the top and see what settles and don't drive yourself nuts by trying to filter it yourself ok I just hate it when he says I don't support him because I feel like I really do and he doesn't appreciate all I do for him "again, your perception" you're torturing yourself maybe it's not communicated well enough between you to be recognized mutually ok I see and it scares me because I don't think I am a negative person I HATE being called that maybe that's why you hear it a lot? because I don't want to be or because I am ha what? am I? I am horrible. see? LOL :'( now that's some negativity i honestly don't believe that there's a wide variation of negative to positive between individuals within their lifetimes deciding which side of the fence you sit on is an immediate process and something that only the individual has perspective on someone's negative is someone else's positive oh? that makes me feel a little better what're you doin? I wanted to go out farting up a storm dammit it's fag night mee too! i have all these guys asking me to go out wanna go out? GO THEN yeah lets k go with me k I'm there with peshe hair pesheeee HAIRRRR hmm are you upstairs? yup u got it k k ... :-/ ooo its cold shiver me timbs signing off this bitch k going to get some cheese in the fridge k hi peshe ! :) hi how are ye great u? great talking to burciago can u cut outta work? over ichat why? what's up? I want to take u to the suburbs with me my uncle's friends are here from japan and the daughter is dying to go to wharton and I think it'd be cool if you met them then you'd have someone to stay with in Japan :D ha sounds like fun darling but i'm tied DAMN IT c'mon they are very rich... u could get a job in tokyo father designs computer chips... when are you going? about 3:30 at the office now "that's too early, i missed the train this morning and didn't show up until 9:30" ugh damn damn DAMN alright I'll set up a lunch date for us then that's fine mebbe later in manayunk i can give her names or whatever k connections connections tokyo london "hong kong, bitches" KONECHEWA did u get my pciture picture ? yup i lightened it up some spanks that's me :F ha good picture too darkie o? yeah I think I look EVIL "i thought to myself, ""she looks good here" awww spanks like u on your icon we is some sexy bitches ha thanks peshe tedi said i looked like brandon lee I need one small favor ooo what? YES HOT tonight I won't be home can u go and feed the cat? yes just for me THANK U SO MUCH XOXOOXOXOXO just pat her head and give her some vittles spanks vittles heh i knew you'd like that ;) k talk to you later and thanks :-* :B laters toof i love you "thanks, i love you too" :) what's up calling dan good idea dan says hi hi dan he's busy busy bee we gotta go and see him he's not going to be able to come down :( ha maybe come channukah oh MY FAVORITE Jack Van Impe is on! I invited him for halloween but he said he's gonna stay in NYC Impe? wha? animals are in heaven http://www.jvim.com/ :F ministries eh? my connection is flaky yeah he like to prophesize word mine's strong on cable tv how do you know him? just by watching he's NUTS straight up and the bitch with hom him WHOA amazing brillian the SECOND COMING all the fucking time they do the news and comment with scripture and talk about the second coming all the fucking time it's great it's pure entertainment BRILLIANT looking at grad programs "russia is going to march against isreal" what kind? where at? education at penn writing curriculum yeah if i get this job i'm going to take more classes good :) i've been studying all day actually o? gre? this old class from Yale wow u took it? http://www.architecture.yale.edu/872a/ no i'm going over the material REXELLA her fucking name! oh my holy god i wish you could see this shit "Why so many hurricanes?" "Oh definitely Rexella" "Astronomers are telling us this is going to be like us for the next 30 years" joey wrote me and said he can't hang out so much anymore ASTRONOMERS why is this? OH ASTRODAMUS :B enfatuation according to him "Rather than complicating things further... and for the sake of my feelings, I feel that I need to back off. Please do not misunderstand... I value your friendship very much and I look forward to all the experiences that I know we will share. But at the time being, I'm falling for more and more everyday. I don't know that it's healthy for me, or our relationship... what ever that may be. And right now, my heart is destined for something that is very different from your given situation." it's a good thing he said...I respect a lot o.k. twinkee keeps sniffing my butt :P seeing if you got laid !sxxxxxxxz 2wwqqqqqqqxsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxdcshj988888888888errrrrrrrqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqmmmmmmmmmmmmmj 11111195 66 what? OOF the cat ACTUALLY SAT ON THE LAPTOP figures because she's cold and it's warm it was hysterical I was typing and plunk ! she sat on the keyboard and looked at me like...what? she wants attention giving it to her purrrrrrrrrr i want to see hero again mee too i'm going back upstairs damn ? k i'll tell u l8r the cats trying to lay on the laptop again LOL ok I love you g'night love you too sleep well u tooooo :F peshe hair hi I have un question HI ? :) did u sign of for the gre yet? no u wanna yes k I'm gonna sign up but according to the website we've missed the date so more research and I shall get back to you k? k from what i was reading in my book it sounded like you could take it at any time oui? I think so wanna go together or something? yes little field trip k that would be wonderful. i bought a book today of vocab very wonderfle ! cool I gotta get some too we can share or is there one you don't have? I'll buy that there's one that the ETS makes recommended to get by Princeton Review has real practice tests k I'll get that but I think ETS sends you a CD rom with practice tests but I gotta do more reading "yeah, it might come with test reg" vocab wise i'm gonna make index cards OOO drunken friday nights our new thing test one ha BELLICOSE arrrgh means? warlike here's a hard one "arrrgh" lol AVOIRDUPOIS good lord to have la poopus "weight, a system of weights based on a pound containing 16 ounces or 7,000 grains (453.59 grams)." that's why I started getting the word a day shizz but I'll help u with index cards ... k k go poo lurve ya lurva ya two hee ok later gator CLEEEEEAN! hi! :D hi i've got the plague what?! :F toof i'm a wittle sick are u with ur dad? awwww whatsamatter? plague mikee stopit strep throat? did u see a doctor? yes drugs? Keflex ugh yes so solly plus i'm allergic to every damn thing in this house how was your party? in our house? or yours g-mom want me to come and get u? did you come home? nah I can i'm laid up i've got to stay k OH but I need to tell u something ? something... bad figures :( i bet i can guess what... starts with a J sniff figures tell me guess :D :P maria had herself a good ole time lasss naight no no not like that no physicality well one kiss "but no physicality, really" much discussion no matter suga thas jus details I was there until 4am i didn't hear you come back I went to bed at 5 and in work by 10 ugh so SLEEEEPY i got up at 6 did u? went to work with dad No but didn't feel well? too sick OH NO i was going to tomorrow but i don't know i'm getting worse i just started feeling it yesterday and woke up in bad shape awww baby doll so solly did u take the meds? 2 of four for the day i did it to myself this weekend was over the top how was hanging with Tom? so much fun good is he gay? omg you have to see the footage yes wow he's cute yeah mikee i was in a foursome last night with a GIRL !?!??!?!?!?! WHAT MIKEE ha YOU WHORE good for you that's awesome ! :D i think it's on tape so very weird wow have to show you how did that happen never took my clothes off tho WOW ? damn why very long story basically we were fucking around with these guys on this gay site and one of them actually came over even though it was a TOTAL JOKE and he was so scared! 20 yo we were acting like hyenas stripped him and dipped him ridiculous I am speechles yeah wow and now you're sick "well, if i can get the camera to work i can show you" "yes, i am sick" and it really is hysterical thats what they wanted the camera for?! NO I bet its funny wow we were editing oh wait ! RIIIIIGHT ;) look in your movie folder on your comp I thought you were using my comp you did it on the other account tho we took pictures of Liz to make a profile ok while my comp was rendering the video "I'll look later, it's too much trouble right now" ok you did it on Maria Cipollone right? maybe? whatever it was on last night ummm hang on mikee yes this girl is ufle IS THAT OUR COUCH!?! ufle? oop LOL ugleee she's not in person THATS OUR COUCH!!! MIKEEE MIKEE I see your crotch in the pcitur mikee we didn't do anything on the couch her skin ew riiiight ew she looks nice tho :) she's self-conscious about her acne oops sorry I know the feeling lance ;) she's really sweet but she's also nuts and i mean deep end o? anyway mikee tedi is ignoring me he won't talk to me didn't he say he wouldn't? mikee come on this is ridiculous the only thing that surprises me is that he's sticking to it he's talked to me before through email but now he won't talk maybe he's not there talk to him will he talk to you? :( how sad i'm not getting into it right now k ask burc I gotta go canvt see :'( k um i'll talk to you later ok i'm off to CVS love you and thanks k feel better love you too i'll see you later bye bye poopet u coming home tonight? "no, right?" not tonight maybe tomorrow if i still feel like complete shit k call me if you need me k k thanks fart ? hi hello hey how are you doing>? I'm a little pissed off at who? um there was a flood here last night and Wes and I have been dealing with it and its been shitty and I don't live here alone ... "i just got your email, this minute" how can i help? too late now everything's been taken care of ok so you're pissed off? I'm a bit overwhelmed "its been a problem, and my program starts on Friday" and no one's been here to do anything there's trash every where I had to move all the shit in the basement and be in contact with the realtor so I'm not sure that its anyone's fault "in fact, it's prolly not" I just wish I had a bit of help at the important time i'm sorry that it happened while the house is empty most of that is beyond your responsibility though oh no i don't htink you have anything in the basement right? Imri was here I did in fact but there was other people's shit too at this point i have very little i can offer in the way of support I'm very aware of that but I do know that you are ill i feel like dogshit and i worked anyway sorry to hear that "yeah, it's this week i think" generally it's been the worst one i've seen for a LONG time fucked up part of the cycle hmmm "however, if you need me to come back, i could make it on friday" and come back here on sat I need nothing thanks "anyway, beyond that, how is the program shaping up?" fine thanks how is working with your dad? pretty well considering. i think he's sick too some random dude showed up to go with us today to learn how to do it we were done by 12 though nice "but is a long day after gettin up at 4, no?" 8 hours one way or the other i've been taking kitty crack i think that's what's got me i feel like i did when i was with johnnathan. like all the way aroudn strike that with Eric kitty crack? Sudafed or something? yeah daytime/nighttime what happened to the Keflex? "plus that, plus Tylenol, plus Claritin" operating on autopilot i watched this crazy fucked up movie last night Monster with Charlize Theron i think very good yeah scary how much she reminds me of my Aunt Syd in that flick it's like the way she *could* have gone "same mannerisms, different attitude" hmm I just picked my nose :) did you eat it nope wipe it on the cat? wes' shirt that he left here :) shit my battery is going to die brb back ok so what are ya doin tonight? I have to go to Farrell for Parents Night but that's it I have to stay in the weather channell is waaay off whew off? tomorrow i have to shop for the kids yesterday it said today was going to be sunny now its supposed to rain I dunno rain again?! madness tonight and tomorrow 30% chance awesome i'm going to cherry hill to learn how to laminate hmm a cabinate any word from Wharton <sigh> no and i called Paula mmm word? yes i think she's blowing me off oh no big surprise so are you moving out? no but you'll only be here on weekends? or you can do enough for the month this week? i might work for a couple days next week but i have to get a job in the city one way or the other mmm TRUE that's tough I bet wharton will pan out i think it might i'm not surprised that i've heard nothing they're busy as hell imri is annoying what's he doign? he's so obvious is he peeking through your keyhole? "what was your New Year's resolution?, and have you fulfilled it?" say what? "Can't say that I've fulfilled mine, but I'm about to. " this is his post on the forum "he's always asking about change, embetterment" about to? like posting it on a goddamn forum about to what? is going to do anything you know i don't even go there much anymore? just self-help I know I go to have hip hop arguments with joey that's all heh maybe he's trying to convince himself i wonder what his resolution was? prolly quit smoking ah anywho by the by mm? do we need to talk about my foolishness that happened on sunday? y? i'm just checking I was a little surprised it was a weird situation and I was suprised that Imri knew ha he knew that we hooked up? yup interesting he said there was some freaky shit but he didn't care I was more surprised but you know I'm far from judgemental when it comes to you i've been judging myself well not really but i really rode it off the rails I just thought the girl was unactractive ha i know in a way yes in a way not at all hmmm her mind is amazing the question is did u have fun? wow tough question oh because if the answer was yes then the subject's over apparently you have the issue not i ;) just the whole weekend was out of control oh i feel really shitty about kissing wes so what? !?! why? because that's WAY over the line that's like to you? not something you want to do to your straight friends I don't think you should talk to me about that then... because they shouldn't have to consider the possibility cause I never gave it a thought hey I smooched joey several times it's like riding the lighting i really feel like i grabbed hold with both hands and killed summer wow "ok then, robert frost" :-/ "it's the drugs, m'dear" oh I get it except for the last part ha killd summer summer is dead as of this weekend like you build up oh and keep building I gotcha until it overloads I feel like summer's been dead and then in decline i guess i missed the memo no it's purely internal but the solstice was on the 21st of sept :) "anyway, we're going to rein it in a little" thanks for talking to me i love you i love you too thanks for talking to you? yeah ummm...k... that's a strange comment but ok you're welcome i'm just grateful at this moment sure Peshe hair HAAARRREEE yay for conan thanks mikee I am really confused over? my mind is crazy as soon as I told joey I couldn't see him anymore I missd him more than ever that's not out of the ordinary and I was a total bitch to wes you want to know my opinion? go ahead if you have the enrgy "i think either he and/or you is making a mistake by trying to avoid each other. no matter what the dynamic, you're surpressing energy that's everntually going to manifest itself one way or the other" so fuck it and just let it go "yeah, i think trying to do it any other way is useless torture" but cheating on wes? that can't happen ok there are several many ways to see that it doesn't and i think the option you each want to choose out of the best of intentions is the most difficult one to maintain I agree but discipline brings better reward we reap what we sow "as long as you're not cutting yourself off from all the options, that's true" "i think if you were more willing to consider the possibility that wes and joey could operate in different roles in your life, you'd be less drawn to changing the roles they have now" hmm explain that more conretely please you remove the temptation by accepting its consequence and then energy flows without the blockage dangerous advice because you're surrendering in a way putting it up to faith "if wes, then wes" "if joey, then joey" wow ok "if wes, not joey is what's holding you" but what if I'm just flowing to joey because he gives me the attention i like totally possible and i think it's a pretty valid observation "does not matter though, does it?" nope I just don't want to be overly selfish all motives are selfish i don't think you can avoid it but I don't want to fuck with someone well that's the only thing you have control over myself I know but I don't I kissed him and I don't twant to lead him one on i think you're afraid of losing what you have yes! of course i am "worst case scenerio: wes finds out, joey doesn't enter into a new relationship" that's not the worst case at all I don't want a new relationship i wonder if that's honest it is ok i just want to have fun with whomever I'm with that may be honest no more taking to the family no more visting the family no more sleeping over all the time but here's the deal: ? "if you're not willing to accept having two relationships, then wes needs to know about joey" he does I told him yesterday no Monday no yesterday sorry heh :F good the hard part is over u know I couldn't do tha t I mean he doesn't know all of my feelings but he knows I am tempted and he knows I kissed Joey but he tried to convince me it was out of sympathy and I disagreed tried to convince himself maybe he doesn't seem scared to lose me ... i don't think he should be "if you're scared of losing someone, you obviously aren't secure in the relatlonship" i dunno i think if you aren't afraid then you aren't into it also a possibility I mean I agree with you but I think your assumption is too idealisitc it's the best possible understanding but it's like how i feel about my grandparents i mean to say it's possible "fear is going to be part of any normal relationship, but if you ever found someone where the fear went away, that's the person you should marry" it is hmmm I trust wes a lot i do love wes I just need him to get a job and get the fuck out of my hair and not just come here when he needs something i'm sure you love wes and I think the attraction with Joey is because shit is hard with wes right now may mostly be it not that joey is really better besides I had someone who was JUST like me and we fought the same fight all the time wes has taught me not to be so afraid when we fight and wes walks away i used to bugg out but now I trust that if he loves me he'll come back or if he doesn't I'm better off I was always holding tedi in a fight just to keep him around i don't need that with wes he helps me maintain my independence i've never wanted to be alone more since i met wes besides I don't find joey sexy i just like that he is slightly obsessed with me ha i think some of that is rationalization "in that absence of wes, you would still enjoy joey" yes you didn't think wes was attractive either hmmm right well I see what you mean sigh i dunno you came to a great conclusion whassat i think you're learning from the experience and i think you learned quickly i think you're not done learning from wes or from joey or from both same issue hmm k eh strike that we'll see where it goes new issue what you said just now was an old issue huh? :-/ whachumean? "the tedi/wes comparison, as opposed to the wes/joey comparison" "one is recently gained knowledge, the other is a new question" right not the only comparisons to be made but logically seperate ahh I see I think joey is like tedi he makes me miss tedi a lot A LOT he is a more mature tedi maybe so although "you've just concluded that you are not the same person that you were with tedi, nor is joey like the tedi that you were with" right and joey does certain things that I always said I wanted in a man he came after me he waits for me and he had the balls to say the other night I understand why you're doing this but I just think I'm better for you you defintely deserve that kind of attention spanks he's also a Libra my astrological match but that's corny ga ja "i'm not saying it's ""better"" attention than wes can give you" but it's good attention right but you give me that and you are my friend maybe joey's just meant to be my friend that's false hope oh? yeah y? you're hoping over what you know to be true. PUCH OUCH it would be terribly convenient YES damn you little fucker sorry no no "i can give you a certain amount of intimacy, but not on the level that someone *like* Joey will offer" i know personally i think you deserve the whole package fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck everything you get out of wes PLUS everything you get out of Joey I think I do too Sylvester LOL are you referring to that dream I had? yes wierd I was just reading that email today ... so wierd "yeah, this week has us all fucked up" that's fo sho yup ok I gotta run ok thanks for this i love you i love you too feel better thanks have fun with the kidros make sure you dissappear tomorrow it might flood here ;) heh :P if you need me CALL fine if during the day 8563320549 but remember your little friend that's my dad's cell ok? ok thanks you be in my heats that's all I ask hearts heats hah k heated feel better ok bi bi poppet sniffles snuffle lolo ja uupppogas right <poof> mikee aye the damn pilot light is out again I forget how to light it jiggle the nipples MIKEE I haven't showered since Tues mornin :( ew I need hot water yes arrrr I couldn't earlier since the plumber was here sigh and Imri is coming home but he's gonna yel :-/ yell? meeeeow because of the damn thread and the realtor tell him to stfu and light the water heater k hope he comes home soon realy all you have to do is turn the nob my butt stinks and hold it down and light it "but turn it off first, right?" there should be instructions ok I ll try be back k if i'm not back call me ok if I don't answer call 911 heh :P i'll call imri riiight and tell him that our realtor called about the pilot light and how he's not being responsible and that i'm sure they're right LOL ok going now peshe brb k i'm too scared good grief call your boyfriend and make him do it he's at work mikee its scary yes what if I blow UP? can i have your powerbook? DAMN IT yes and my good markers neat so go try DAMN YOU LITTLE FUCKER listen wha? i'd say you have a 20% chance of blowing up and those are pretty good odds k (lamaaze breathing) "honestly, unless you've left the damn thing on" I gotta do this no you won't blow up I turned it off completely "my battery dies in 12 minutes, so if you blow up, do it soon" call me then at the house no forget it I'm gonna do this. I need a flashlight tho I can't see the thing use a lighter jej you are not helping at all sorry jej i'm sitting here laughing again men suck I am going to do this good on ya go for it champ you're a winner mikee I smell gas down there so I turned it off ok and I'm not lighting it DAMN IT I WANT TO TAKE A SHOWER hot water on the stove ol school stylez this sucks mikee and I just paid my rent! how long has it been off? for about ten minutes i mean the pilot light I think all day they must have turned it off or it went out calling imri good deal didn't answer damn this shit MIKEEE ARHGHHRHGGH! I have E-coli and I can't shower! AHHAHAHAHAAAAAAAA go to your mom's? yea that's convenient I'll wait but I just need to clean myself DAMMIT maybe I'll go to Joeys go to Joeys i was going to say go to Wes;'s k calling he's not home ... wes isn't come over here? nah I'll just wait a while "let's stop talking about it, eh?" Imma go eat somethin and watch tv ok imma sit here and watch the debates until Imri gets home I'll get him at the door :F "ok," CAROLINE? ok toof sigh pray that Imri comes home soon I love ye i love ya too hot water or not bye peesh bye "oh wow, my g-mom just said you're a ""pleasure to talk to on the phone" k tell her likewise our mommas raised us right :F peshe hair n' grits cheese fries n' lotion don't tell her that tho burc is coming over ! YAYA neat is he goign to light it? well burc came as soon as imri came home and its lit whew so IM GONNA SHOWER SOON how great is that how is burc? good saw him for only three minutes but he makes me laugh awww did I tell u what I did he didn't stay? nah has to finish website ah what did you do? pooped on the plumbers I accidentally turded and flushed while they were in the basement my turds floated by apparently LOL I felt so bad I bought them cigs burc said to buy them chocolate heh but I was too ebarrased embarassd heh jej floated by? nah I just think my poop water hit them that's all ew is the debate on? yet 9 oh k I'm gonna eat then by then hopefully Imri will have showered and I can shower YAAAAY! how lovelt y ok I'm out xo AWESOME! so AWESOME! lol ah peshe I love ya my bath was so nice :) ahh clean peshe mmmm I want a snack tho I'm a lil hongry HONgry you's a hongry bitch i is I is you could have a tamale turkey poop ooof nooo andrew is coming for the halloween party yay :F one down 800 more to go! :P heh :B love ya spanks for my pizza no problemo i love ya too :F :f awww lil toof :e AWWW lil fang heh :S peshe smelling face :S you got your peshe smelled today LOL MIKEE no I got it speculated travelzoo.com before i forget whassat it's like a meta-search engine for traveling what's the date of the trip? um like late Apr to May 10 days $560 WOW I gotta tell Jo Annie "yeah, that's cheap" I'm so sleeeeeepy meow me tooooo $550 on Delta but there's one stop i bet we can get 0 i got my sawng! i got booted off which song? DIM ALL THE LIGHTS bitch! and I also go t ON THE RADIOOOOO OOOOO OOOO i'm gonna go tend the warsh k hi hi peshe hello how r ya? decent resting how are you? good joey wanted me to go see talib kweli at the record store but i don't feel like it i don't like meeting famous people i am conflicted tho i want to after the roots i can see why but i dont yeah he'll prolly be ignorant too maybe not no but in my gut i dont feel like going so i don't feel like forcing it today's been a good day i'm glad i didn't have to work good what'd you do finished my book mmm cool how was your meeting at Penn? i'm gonna go poop i'll find you laters terry is funny o? she wants mushrooms for the party instead of e because and I quote: "last time I did the pill in January, I didn't like it - felt like I was all tense and tightening my jaws and clenching up like a dying rat" tell her we knows the feeling have we discussed party favors for this party? well it sucks says sje that's what we're discussing I said we should have a meeting on sunday i wanna participate in that discussion terry wants to be left out she's saying she gets bossy but I said we could divide responsibilities or floor s can't we get bouncers? i'm probably gonna get rocked I know can't wait brb :F k :B back toof i want to go to bed soon so i can wake up and be back in teh city my battery's dead love you sleep well gnight peshe gnight lover land lover i lover ya i think you're loverly ahh but you are lover lee toooo :F I wish we could have a toof one on the boards we can find there are millions to choose from we must because i want a toof i'll look spanks im going sleepeee now yawn meow sleep well oo tooo :-* peshe I have a question ? where did you get the instructions for DVD burning? acquisition? don't have them anymore me niether :( do you remember where u got them? bittorrent something not reallyh k burc here? we're playing k :) oh my its eeeevil mikeee coming to play! meagan stopped by last night oh yeah? we're going to all have dinner here on Saturday nite good deal family affair ;) sign me up ooops wait she just wrote me and said no asked about Fri but thats the hayride right? right ew my peshe stinks period :( Ew smells like fishy library books gross did you see imri's post?? fuckers. what? I cleaned my box :) both of em? LOL yes ha ha so funny white boy i'm hongry mee too time to eat soon gotta start my warsh tho peeeesheee i loves u i loves you TOO our party is going to be FUN! "I called Eric, but he has to call me back" "I called Wes, but left a message" Writing the email "I""M very much looking forward to this party" mee too "cc me on the emizzy, k?" you're on it k spanks tomorrow's not going to work fanks shorebee was that clay aiken? "nah, that's Tom" oh dun duh i thought so sorry so sorry LOL I am brain dead don't worry about it :D :F MIKEE?!? u still aware i mean AWAKE?!? peshe? I wanted to borrow saved! WAKE UP BITCHES KONICHEWA BITCHES hi! ru home? hi peche i am oh i'm a comin then still drunk or are u busy? ugh I feel sick "nah, just chatting with a few ppl" sick>? can I come down? sure k so cute did you hear what happened to them at the end of the night? no?!? wha? I heard today that Al yelled at them and threw them out oh no ooooh why didn't they come up to my room I think they tried i dunno i heard it third hand OH NO shit i'll ask i feel horrible i did too poor babies THANKS for the directions love oh where are u? in my room i'm having the weirdest day "u weren't when I left, right?" nope :( i went out to return a video oh I see what's going on? just b ad timing i guess i was in a great mood OH NO wha happend? stupid shit r u ok? yeah def just little trips you know? like i dropped my hot chocolate OH NO! and i forgot my card and realized it when i was checking out of whole foods maybe too much sleep but i got Ab Fab LOL so ... and i'm going on a date tonight with Andyt yay! :D yeah i'm gonna try hard to reboot before then wait Mikee yes you're upset because you dropped your hot chocolate? Nah just not upset at all but these little things please keep giving me signs that the day is off somehow that's deprimental If I judged my days that way... I'D NEVER have a good one LOL change your thinking not your mishaps remember perfect is nonexistent "As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it"" Lao Tzu" how about laughing at them LOL yeah jinx ok lover ok will you be around tonight? I told Joannie you were coming for a bit OoooO going to watch a movie with Joey ok tonight what time is Pandy Andy coming? want you to meet andy again sometime don't know yet he's going to call me I'll try and be around call me if u need anything have fun at Salon what time app? fanks 1:00 and with who? i think i should get going? with Adrianna if you want u can always sit and talk to Jo Ann about Italy yeah i think we should i'll def find her k and say hi in the lil office mikee yes could u get me some more hair gel tell Jo Ann to so I get the discount? it's upstairs on my dresser Redken no. 6 its a tub of blue hair goop i'll try to get it i'll take it with me k do you think it will be expensive? or write it down prolly 12 bucks... ok too much np no no tell Jo Ann to buy it i think i've got that and I'll pay her back but make Jo Ann buy it so she gets the VIP discount k? ok ok ok i guess i should go back and pick up my groceries AHHHH! THANK U SWEET THANG ok "no, thank you" or I can go with the car later/// ? she's got them for me at the register oh shit but thanks for offering ok bye ok :-* :F :B hee :D mikee? u there? yar is there a way to find old chat sessions only if you have ichat save them ahead of time you check in your documents folder documents/iChats not 4 me val I sent amanda's pics KOOL um is she using a mac? she has a date and she can't find dude's number she talked to him on chat it's a mac that's the place then where? oh Documents/iChats thanks but that only exists if she's got iChat set to save them k thanks! np hi! are u home? allo Wanda i am home I'll be right down no worries joey had his stent pulled out from his dick this morning :-O oh ow ow ow ow I know yes lets him rest ur not leaving tonight r u? nah good wanna go out? I told Imri I would go to Pontiac Grille depends on a few outliers but i'm considering it i read that eaerlier where is the ponitac grille? south st free cool maybe yes I am going to trader joes u need anything? I will get you you 8 bucks too phone 1 sec maybe i'll go with? actually i'm going to stay here milk would be great that was jeffrey he's staying in New York tonight so when I get ahold of Andy I'll know what the plan is for tonight why oh I'll get mile milk fanks does Andy wanna come? don't know he's prolly still at work was going to call him in an hour or so k "I'm coming down now, ok?" :-* peshe! ok peshe HAAAR beoooop! booooowp! :f :B peeshe :E I like your pic fanks STOP THE SHPONGLE not to be corny ? but did u read my post on wes's thread nope i haven't read the thread http://www.reflective.net/cgi-bin/cgiwrap/imri/forum/ikonboard.cgi?s=3fafd42c08304c56c791444cc0662f0c;act=ST;f=1;t=13115;st=30 so what's corny? well it kinda sounds like him being so necessary or needing to explain but I felt like I wanted to it's a common mistake "what is, baby?" using the public forums as a diary a lot of people do it I didn't do it for myself are you *sure* I did it because I was hearing a lot of hateration about me eh and I cared a bit I know I shouldn't worry about others and I normally don't if you already knew all of this then i feel like maybe you wouldn't need to explain it to people who don't matter but my personal life was being thrown around all over these boards so I thought at least I'd speak on it. ok but whatevs u can think what you want ;) thanks for bringing my TV back thank you for letting us use it last night was fun hey I got a gmail account! mariacip@gmail.com :) NEAT i could have given you one.. oj oh didn't know you wanted that's kool I got from Joey you gonna use it? yup I want to set it up in my Mail program eventually tho they have instructions in the help section k gotta wait til I get peeps in the program ;) gotta run k see u in a minute k :-* :) andy better? i hope so he left early k peshe! need ur help! yes ? can u go downstair and see if val dropped off some documents in the mail slot? sure it should be attendance records THANKS SO MUCH PESHE November? Laquine Bell? LOL Laquine Bell> is it a bunch of names? that's the first name on the lsit ok sweet just checking "if you could, just put on my bedski" ok thanks sos sosososoooo much yup :-* :-* :f thankuthanku :F ok out the door see you soonly yay! have funly! wait! ? forget it ok nevermind laters :-* how's it goin? pretty good we're piled up watchin a movie how you doin? "oy, his fever came back out of nowhere" i think i'm doomed r u ok? yeah been reading up on feveres wha happnd? andy's fever came back all of a sudden :( it's going back down tho so i think we just have to deal with it at least until tomorrow k I'm gonna go I love you i love you too but joey's priority right now yes yes go tell him i says hi he say herro! call if emergency u know the name ok my love thank you u know the number heh 867-5309 STOP :F is that Andy's number? :E nah toof just kiddin :B :f ok back to th emovie lil toof have fun tonight k sweetie darling going to watch ab fab more ! joey got more of em :F fucking fucking fuck fuck fuck won't let me write I'll burn them too fast oooo! I HATE THAT please do >:-o :D Booyakasha n' easy now y'know? yo te adoro mi amore je t'aime ma chere wrong language parlo italaliano? ;) me no speka da italski must brush up! u will i hope so! k...goin now...love.... buh bye bi bi gay gay... hallo wanda hallo! howzit? ok gotta exercise and don't feel like it :( how u? heh i'm doing good i think i'm getting well good and.ee? heh andy has strep throat i think and needs antibiotics uh oh yea I don't know if I have any more I gave fucking wes my last z-pak~ it's ok >:-o he prolly needs a shot anyway going to try to limp him through to monday ok tea and then force him to take the day off and go into a walk in gargle with salt water yes! i forgot about that! good idea gross but helps sooooo much dat's what we'll do any idea how much salt? 1 teaspoon per 1 cup water mebbe sounds good good deal whatchu doin today? a little work a little cleaning a little laziness mmmm lazinesssss i feel you just going to be me you burc and joey tomorrow imma gonna come home in the morning i guess? no andy? :( too sick? "nah, he's on liquid food at this point" i told him we have turkey soup and told gmom to set a place at the table but i seriously doubt he's going to want to come hmmm it's ok i want some time away anyway going to stay in jersey tomorrow night so i can work on monday sounds good then I'm driving? :) that's kool if you don't mind? nope :D happy to comply heh jonny six five thousand? over n' out I think I need to write letters to some people like daddy what kind? Tedi I don't even know if I'll send them you know what ? i think that's a great idea thanks sometimes i do that I have so much guilt so much self hate sometimes write them and put them away for a minue want to love joey real good k and then see if you want to send them and I can't because I don't love myself self image is REAL bad oh my love it's just on hiatus :( it'll be ok andy just spilled oj on me brb heee ok ok back ok :) so if you feel like it wha? maybe that would be a good quiet day writing some yup yup i love ya peche I love you too sorry to still not be myself I want to get there don't be sorry you recognize where you are that's huge that conversation we had was very hard for me tho I'm a little scared to be myself in front of you awww "afraid that you'll ""be done with me" peche i don't think time is a thing that seperates us it's peshe! :P ??? what? "it's an impossibility for us to ever be ""done" at least in that sense hmmm ok it was hard to take tho it was hard to give because momma needs your patience ok I am sorry it was hard to give LOL Momma sometimes momma ain't a rock ;) you don't need to be down on it it's a good thing in the long run but momma will always pull herself out absolutely das rite you goan be fine :f I know "and listen, i ain't gonna run out on you" I had to learn why it was so bad to be in an addictive relationship b/c my comp is fucker fuckd something tells me that wasn't the original end of that sentence no no that was it self esteem destroyed from addiction your computer is fucked? yea airport disconnects have to actually close the laptop somewhat waot wait i missed something but now we have two issues first have you run software update? second I had to learn why it was so bad to be in an addictive relationship b/c my comp is fucker fuckd" something's missing? no one not connected to other I said computer is fucked OK because I disconnected ok from Ichat but addictive relationship between me and wes ruined and delayed healing from tedi basically stopped taking emotional antibiotics before illness had taken its course now paying for it "um, i'm not so sure it's ruined" could be like a grand summation of a lot of experience all at once so you're ready for something totally different prolly yup just have to get over the fear that joey will leave because i'm too fucked up and really my love actually I'm not afraid of that I'm afraid that I'll lose an opportunity it's about time for you to be the one that's being taken care of for a while "eh, i think he naturally assumes the role that you're used to, and won't give up so easily" disconnected again i feel like he really does love you I swear it has something to do with the construction who joey? heh YES it may YES HE DOES so that's another thing you can let go of slowly the anxiety hmmm ok I think this one is the keeper I want it to work very much very very much i've never had this much room to grow so much room! best thing to make sure it works right now and let the long run figure itself out k cuz i'm feeling almost exactly the same way and i take comfort in the fact that it *could* be the long run but try not to make designs on making it happen you know? there's nothing that needs to happen with joey is wonderful as is YES that's why the long run works right have you seen Eddie Izzard? sometimes funny sometimes not the new ab fabs are WIERD WIERRRRD the most recent ones? weird how? saffron has a baby! in the episode Edina is a grandmother? yup Edwina OH heh and Pats gets amniotic fluid on her suit for the fashion awards at Albert Hall and she can't go... LOL that is weird funny tho? yup so I'm sorry Izzard? oh no worries Andy's got a tape on it's pretty funny was going to copy for you if you hadn't seen mebbe hey I gotta pee and get some water be back k? ok going to clean the kitchen k ... please don't over extend k? ok im really feeling better ok going to nap too heh k :D goot "ok, maybe i'll see you tonight" ok! I hope :D we'll see how it goes here. i'll call you from the house if i miss you. k I LOVE YOU you won't miss me promise I LOVE YOU TOO pray for me please all day :-* :B "F" :F oop CHUNK CHUUUUJNK SLoth LOVE CHUNK mmm...ok... :D goonies? rock.ee road? :P heh mikee I think I abused tedi I think I was the one who was like wes it was all about my happiness did I do anything good for tedi? I don't think i did you did a lot of good for tedi but it came with trying to make tedi into something he wasn't ready to be right but I feel like too much of our relationship was focused on me really that's how you feel now how did you feel then>? and let's not forget what tedi was like under pressure either right I just recovered a time last night when tedi hit me really hard exactly and I completely blocked it out I am so fucked up I'm so sorry :( that's pretty normal if you ask me :) rioight Mom.ee is crazy about Italia she's so excited she wants to share a room with you and I said no LOL Mik.ee will be sleeping with his momma that's what I saif :F toof don't beat yourself up over Christmas Past ok I think its yoga time oke doke here great song they're at the Tweeter tonite and.ee agrees no shizzy are you goin? I FUCKING WISH whores I refuse large venues xcept for Tori heh because it was intimate bitch can sing LOL she's got a a HONGRY voice makes me tear up just thinkin aww yous a HONGRY bitch LOL i love her too I wish I could get her to come and and meet you for your berfkins who hooo maybe when i'm 40 wouldn't that be somethin? i'd croak on the spot awww "ribbit" look what's on my itunes BABY NOW THAT I'VE FOUND YOU! lorgy lordy but not Allison it says nuffink sorry no cracker shizz LOL word? werd wierd says Mos Def is mos def not LOL yeah mmm your comp may be conforked my comp is conforked just like his momma :F :B :E andy wants to know what toof is and little toof :f um Imri? LOL I dunno at this point who knows my lil toof I started it with tree because I would lift up the cat's lips and inspect his teef "OH THAT""S RIGHT" because cat's little teef poke out of their lips if you pet them underneath the chin mmhm you can see the lil points sticking out SO CUTE lil vampeeer lol http://www.roadsideamerica.com/attract/PAPHImummer.html "been there, done that" ;) so weird talk about weird should have ab fab in the mummers museum or better yet the parade LOL brilliant mikee ! r u going to Botz? "no way in hell, on second thought, are you?" LOL I might now I dunno I'm going out tomorrow night maybe not then? wasn't planning on it but if you go let me know? mebbe so it's the last one yeah BFD BFD? big fucking deal right? i guess there's going to be cookies i think i'm more interested int hat andrew at 6pm our house LOL oh yeah? Andrew making cookies mmmmm should be uber good uber LAME ok I am yogaing now peace peshe and lovin to you lovin all mah lovin to and.ee and health thank you my everlovin :-* :* saved was a terrible film...no? "actually, no" pretty decent I HATED it did you see it? corny very yup last night "but purposefully so, no?" watching more Edwina mikee "yeah, we're starting the Lion in Winter" your comforter is NEVER going to dry :( i dunno what happened i washed it the other day and it didn't come out sopping wet I know what to do.... no worries k back to ab fab! thank peshe i think i'm coming home tonight to see you yea looks like we're Discobotzing ok all in the family public drunkenness we're gonna watch this and then i'm gonna start gathering k i'm taking andy to the emergency room uh oh where? penn HUP k do you need me? "no, but thank you" do you know how public assistant works? apply later tedi may know ok i'll ask we'll work it out that's what i told him "right now, has to go..." yes fever spiked again? 103.8 go now and he can't swallow we're going yup bye i'll call you later thanks for comin thanks for havin LOVED IT so did i good :) what did ya get? Hero the movie? ooooo yup dinner was delicious thanks your pop cooks well I enjoyed joey and burciago are a riot I know especially cause I'm so not funny :( LOL wha? just kidding ok gonna play my game k headache baaaaad :F oh yeah? lay down mebbe? need pills yup layin love yoooou i've got ibuprofen downstairs in the w/c happy berfkins k i love you tooo I'll hook it up thanks thanks for my birthday thingy wha? nothing yet... no gift wait n see peshe! you the best gift i can have awww...stop serious makes me sniffle :'( I lurve ye u know loves you too :-* :B don't forget about the breads that I bought grams ok i'll show her again try try try lookd yumm.ee tommorrow for bfast roight GOOD LUCK 2MORO! thanks it will be fine time for Myst will see you tom hi hi peesh :) how are ye? really tired u? ditto i think i have something called cystits ha cystits? cystitis itis systis cisisitis cyst LOL itis itis of the cyst yoouch sounds painful i haven't gone to gyn i thought you just went? but jo ann told me its chronic in our fam no have to make app aren't cysts things you have to remove? yes but this is diff ok i;m typing with my miuddle finger fuck u keyboard! ha i have a blood blister the size of a dime on my index aww how did today go? pretty decent considering i have to work tommorrow but i got most of tje way through good! :) :) yes yes so proud of you fanks going to lay down and play myst layin down too :-* :* ok sleep well peshe? hi HAPPY BERFKINS! where are ya? in your room? nah jerzee? outside somebody's house in the northeast LOL I am sick today going to the peshe doctor today? ask them to give you cremes and lotions and lotions in a basket LOL HAPPY BERFKINS!!! THANKS :-* :-* very much pats so happy for you sweetie gorgeous day it is :-/ oh i''m a comin home and gonna watch me some ab fab should be back in a hour or so hi peesj hi:) whatcha doin? my honey-do list huh? "honey, will you do this for me" but me for me ummm k that's korny but ok heh panda's back in bed sick eh? he needs to sleep for several days on end prolly in his bed tho you can't get well in someone else's bed not be a bitch that's his choice to make i understand I agree its just so hard to be comatose when someone else is in bed i'm not with him i sent him upstairs good good don't want you sick! don't think i will be goot did u watch ab fab? "I'm in a staff meeting and they're talking about their new ""Dell"" computers" which keep breaking... :P watched one last night watching more this morning after i figure out how to fax this thing "they work fine, right?" oh oh yes thank you my love very very much if you have electronic copy last night was so special you can use my printer... I know I really enjoyed :) fanks going to finish my errands k will be on campus later peace and chicken grease OOO buy me blank dvds please? I will give you the $$ I need apple ones or Imation - ones not + "i have blank DVDs, not Apple that you can use. Unfotunately i overdrew my account yesterday" oh solly :( don't be forget then my stupid mistake how many blanks have you? but i seriously have like 5 or ten and they def work ok #NAME? yup k shutting up now bi bi laters 47034 ? HAD TO WRITE THAT somewhere sorry ha NP did u do your errands ? close to done sending andy to the clinic going to wh around 11 1 "he's still not better, eh?" doesn't seem to think so maybe he has mono uh Oh mikee yeah have you ever had mono? nope no comment yeah http://www.geocities.jp/b_ba_a0530/cheval_noir_files/top00.html wow sweet suz.ee magee ! yeah gorgeous hi! hi peshe! mikee i;m not gonna go to NYC next weekend so sorry :( bad timing http://www.bbc.co.uk/comedy/abfab/quiz/..i'm bubble oop http://www.bbc.co.uk/comedy/abfab/quiz/ pats heh hey mik.ee? u thar? i can't get my record player to work!? can u help? hey what's up? I can't my record player to work or yours solly i plugged the preamp in in hummed for a minute but now it won't pick up the sound... you have to ground it meaning? the third wire with the u plug on it has to connect to something to ground the record player is imri home> ? no nobody but i know what you're talking about hang on its just humming!~ no music ok... i don't have a good idea of what might be wrong k I understand I'll wait.. wierd tho yeah oh well where is u? jerz thought so work manana eh? nah going to take out my g-mom's trash u comin home? tomorrow after lunch k "if you remember, and you have time" will you play with it? (the record player) "yeah, i'll look at it" :F thanks np have to poop see you tomorrow night? go...hi to gram absolutely :-* bye byebye peshe! i'ma home now :) oh yeah? burc is here i passed by your door but all was church mouse yogaing all done uhhh is burc watching you? :-/ LOL no he waited to come over until i was finished i was doing yoga when you came in o what you up to? hang on k hi! :) hallo mornin pardner what's shakin MIKEE are you there? yes THIS DAMN INTERNET ? I am on someone else's wireless i'm using the neighbors ha me too ours sux ours sux LOL kinx kjinx lOL kinxy :D hi hi what's shakin? nada situation with work we found the PERFECT guy for the assistant position and we were going to hire him on Monday but since Kelly had to meet him first we had to wait "and in the meantime," he accepted another position so i called the CEO and told on her ass :F you're out to get her? no just frustrated I need help I am so sick of hearing these construction guys they're cursing and screaming at each other I hate it curse and scream at them? nah just can't wait til its over HEY HOW ARE YA? ? meh whassup with u meh? sick? nah sick of it maybe of Imri? ha nah :F wha? work yup and the lack of it awww baby I'm sorry wish I had a job for you no need to be siorry sorry is the woman at the damned bank sorry is also the people who schedule my father's jobs you're not sorry w/e i'm in bed i don't know what i could possibly complain about what happnd with the bank? no loan? nothing that's the problem or processing shit heads that's discrimination pretty much and my father wants me to be desperate like beating my head against a very stiff wall AHH! i'm going to design all day on my computer and just lay quietly i wish I could lay in bed hey... "look at it that way, no?" exactly i'd rather be doing nothing else honestly see? is not bad thing no looking gift horses in mouth :D I saw that wes dropped off a cd for teri GOODC maybe they'll FUCK FUCK @&@&* !!! he's a sick fuck i feel gross just thinking about him I know but I wish I woulda seen him at the door I woulda spit right on him :D heee hee! he probably did a drive by nah first checking in the windows to see if anyone was there http://adamcadre.ac/04lyttle.html peshe ? hi sorry can you resize somethng for me? on photoshop? ? howbig? 4x4 in. 4 X 2.97? a lil wider? will stretch no problem don't need detail whoa can't get it got it k thanks soso much np MIKEE? are u home? yes hi WHEW I lcked my keys in the house! ARGH! oops u leaving i ain't goin nowhere val says YAY! good it's fuckin COL good d stay taking nap when you comin home peesh um in about a half an hour wanna leave the door open? yeah k thanks be home by 1:30 spanks np mikee? "u thar, sweet thang?" yup hi HI just called you no answer sex? :F yes toof "OH I""M SORRY" np wha't sup? wanna make sure your coming tomorrow night and pand.ee too to the dnb thang i'm planning on it tedi was mean to me on the boards I need your moral support if that's ok with you sure!\ I don't want to talk about the pettiness I just would like it if you two were there :f we've just talked about it and said yes good THANK YOU AND.EE !!! sure thing suga goot goot :-* ok bed time ok bi bi i'll talk to you tomorrow k lurve you I lurva ya too joey says hello OH Hi Joey ! by the by the thing yes that's in the stairway to the basement is a suprise for andy he's excited to see you for friday oh ok no wordz then promise "-*" fanks imri almost imri? oh screamed up the stairs about it and i was like SHUT UP SHUT UP!!! ha LOLOLOLOL ok fo real must sleep didn't last night ok sleep well my lovin bi bi gay gay you too love you hi hey! :) :D hi hey! i just just just woke up hi good I'm watching legend of the fall wow great movie perrty goot ne'er seen hey last night was fun we should dance again tonight mka ejoey spin for us heh joey i got no plans ;) thank god my plans are to brush me teef uh mee too and figure out some way to get the damned dryer to work yes lets do it! i have to do laundry today no question me too mom can't sleep on these sheets or use these towels so what time do you want to go to chinky town? mebbe tomorrow tomorrow is chism chrism rainin hard heh chrism is it? eve ok then i have to run out where? bfast? :D going to grocery shop for today and saturday going to the bank going to find some damned pliers yucky out yeah.. i think i'm still pissed at imri mikee imri is so miserable its sad fuck him let's move on now that's what i said to him? fuck you to him? after trying to be nice yeah last two words i think i might say them again good ok just to make a point worry about the point its sad sad that he has nothing don't play into it its like wes... fuck that i told wes to fuck off too when ? right before teh last time he went psycho oh yea whatever let's make peas (and corn) "not me, i'm a damned hatfield and this is war" ha really? just completely ignorant he is war eh? who? imri nah not war but he's gonna feel the back of my hand for a while he is ignant let him wallow in it LET'S HAVE FUUUUN and play and be silly ok poop button ? imma gonna go get us some tools hee thanks so much mikee that u? yes hi hi al's moving out! ! neat I know shhh... how do you know this? just asked him he wants to save money so he can move in with teri so he is or he isn't? he;s been saying that for years about his kid no he's going soon? he's moving by february good "he could leave now," but he wants to wait until feb so as not to leave us flat Natalie? Burc? both huh? imri too no word on Imri I think Imri is bullshitting but al is not w/e if they say they're moving out we're going to set a date and get other roommates hee ok OK! and force them to move out :D domination. bitches hee i want Al's room ha do you think burc would move? ok I dunno "because he has a lease, no?" prolly can get out or sublet it's a nice place could maybe even make a profit I dunno but natalie's iffy too because who know if we can convince her she'll come if we give her the chance she WANTS to move I know but the pity for James James maybe be better off I think so it will take a lot of convincing :P you be the one good at that shiz sigh I'll try I don't know that I want Joey to move in I don't think its a good idea I dunno i'm on the fence me too I mean he's so sweet and he's so cool HOW ABOUT MY BRACELET HUH? HA toughtful I know but it might hurt our relationship to live together like pressure cooker where's the space? right sigh I dunno I'm on my way home I'll be home by 1pm ok I just blew my nose and it was all bloody :P oh my I know no more coke LOL it bugged me out too dry heat you can come to the dizoctor with me nah I'll gank some shizz from mommy good idear but Imma sleep today yeah and shop for the next two days :D i'm in bed and not moving :F k till i absolutely have to leave wanna borrow de car? um hmmm maybe so... i hadn't thought about it but it might work out better fanks :) surely shirley ok coming home now :F see you soonly bi bi gay gay :_* :-* DOMINATION BITCHES hi peesh howdy how u feel? better than i did at 5:30 this morning oh? u ok? sure just did not needt o be at work how are you doin? ok damn construction woke me up at 6 >:-o bitches are you home now? yup yup all day val comin for lunch at 12 and then glasses and more shopping yay pour vous we're going to andy's nice uh oh and imma gonna lay in bed I think I just paid the worng amount on pay pal d;oh if one recrod costs 16 to ship then they say add four dollars does that mean to the shipping so it'd be20? yes gosh that's a lot oop I only added four to the record cost :( dumbass wait what? its complex forget ok have fun at and.ees see u later? yes yes y'all and you don't stop... and you don't quit?? to the beat y'all hi :) where r u? hi hi hi home "HI awww" u? I'm at joeys! on phone k figured jus sayin hi hi peshe brb k im gonna go...will you just get someone to bring the beer that's still full out back inside? call me if you have problems... ok :-* ok spanks laters PESHE! hi :) hi! what hizzle? how r u? hizzle?! good good are u in jerz watching el gamo or ast 1308? oh 1308\ its on already oh with burc I called and imri said u weren't there :-/ ? I called last night about 6 or so we were at roxana's this morning no way? u went out last night? yup to her place with burc and gonzo "wow! wow" I am gettin a little crazy bored awww miss ye eric's party is tonight at 8 u still wanna go? mebbe k he calld he needs a dj its burc but joey said no hi good for joey hi burc wha? joey saying no why? burc stfu eric is fun lol lay off i'm just bein an ass u are kid kid its gettin old soz at least he stayd with me on my birthday u were too drung to hang :P ":D :D" ha was not drunk riiiiiight anywho how r u? goo goo roxana's last night? class is great.... work is fine... good awesome but i was too tired goood! miss ya and fell asleep aw joey says hi sup seppy he's all excited for the game awesome I bravd the blizzrd to get him beer yesterday and snacks! wow good bitch am I what a woman seriously won't get a beating tontight :) hahah not funny but hahah just kiddin hows suz? mad at me cause she didn't get a hold of me last night "so, no biggie really" "oh no! oh" ok the snow sucks :( eh tis ok havin fun with edge LOL miss you guys I might come up I'm ten blocks so I'd have to really trek it you act like we are separated by a vast expanse no boots like siberia it is to me tell mikee my aunt got us a cheaper flight to sicily nice yay he say only 800 dope dizzle but we have to pay by feb 15th direct flights 5 days in palermo 5 in rome yay! :f :F heh you wha? are you goign to watch the game at joey's? i think so joey ain't moving til june till the crow flies and the snow flies away hah "I know, right?" anyway ask mikee if he still might wanna go tonight? maybe want to tell andy k I'll call after the game what time the shizz over? 7? 6? uhhh ok call around 6 oke k going to color now heh :) enjoy the color k spanks hasta la vista :-* :b mikee ? one mo' thing does the van drive? are you driving the van in this shizz nope k spanks i knocked my mirror off awww in the snow? nah b4 shiiit k just wondering how we would get to erics if we go but we're young and resourcesful cab yeah? cab running? sure OH WOW! ok then cab it is peshe hair the were in the middle of the strom anyway ok kool and gang ok ok :) bi bi gay gay laterrrs\ u just text me? touchdown?! nope heh go eagles! someone just textd me yes they had a touchdown TYOUCHDOWN BIRDS I KNOW Ha but someone just texd me who texted you mikee yes that's what i'm trying to figure out right "-/" not me :-/ k spanks mikee u still thar? ima comin homw home :) bitches konichiwa rematch of CRANIUM bitches hey mikee... u thar? hey peshe u thar? hihi hi so whats the scoop? a meeting tonight? whattime i hope so after nine? ok that's what Al said and imri said too need to send him a message again sigh because joey doesn't want to come over because he doesn't want to be here during the 'meeting' is andy gonna be here? yup well then his house is having a meeting right now I am calling guiseppe and then we're coming back for ours :) k meetings galore not as good as pussy galore heh somebody in an 818 telephone code called me today 818? HAWAII?? mikee i need your help w something I went to highschool with this girl we've been through alot of tough times together you know.. oh no shit wooops wait that is hawai'i isn't it http://fan.tinyblob.net/katherine/index.php?siteinfo nice site she's on a show called the L word about dikes! I acted in a play with her we um snogged a bit heh hot huh? looks like that chick in all the orror flicks three names jennifer love hewitt god i'm bored http://fan.tinyblob.net/katherine/gallery/ look at this or maybe melanie griffith as an angry dyke she looks like a boy so much she's SOOO skinny too skinny stars really are they have to be when you meet them you can't get over how SMALL they are and fuckin SKINNY grrls hongry HA she be a hongry bitch I have to poop :P :F me too do it i think i just might k going now... wanna come? sure or you gotta go wireless? yup mmm pooping so good yo he's talking on the phone I'm coming i'm fallin asleep k im comin :f hey pandy andy! ha ha ha hi hi hi i look just like mikee on the computer machine it's me...upstairs jackass hey i know girl "(me, maria, being the upstairs jackass)" not addressing you as upstairs COMMA jackass more like oh i get it more like quote UPSTAIRS JACKASS endquote right? ok well we are going to this wedding correct? hmmm...yessss... k and we are now driving my car what time? I think me and you and mikee oh starts at 5 so I guess we leave by two or 1:30? ok did mikee mention this to you? yes but didn't know details us driving together? i'll just come here in the morning yes mentioned that ok goot I might make him drive home or at least one way I dont wanna go "neither does m, i don't think" sigh i feel a little weird about it we must why?! all i know about andrew is that he kissed me once but it was funny he is a bit of a drug addict EW I have stank breath I need a cigarette I don't know why so badly I need one don't tell me that! hahaha oh sorry temporary lapse "naw, shucks, don't worry about it" this one-- mikee-- he's the one that makes me wanna kill him y every time i whine about how hard it is to quit which he asked me to do he lites up? LOL "no, he says: Have a cigarette" LOL mmm-hmm LOL dickhead that's so mikee tell him to quite black label quit he might he should my bank account's got HOLES and joey's too mine is a hole :( mmmhmm ok so I need something new to wear but I don't really have the loot me too! i just wear mikee's :) don't think you'd look that good in joey's clothes but maybe LOL I have tons of clothes ask mikee I just want to look the best there maybe I go look but I'll only leave myself like 15 mins so I can't spend more than like 40 ducats lol arthur miller died! "(that's not why the ""lol"")" oh just saw it wow he's my fav yeah :-* ur cute i know you too mrs. hair ha seat seat mikee u busy na hi can I call you sure at home? yup k mikee? andee? yar which? mikee? andee? aye he be me yar andee be mikee :-/ avast ye scurvy watchdog aye how be things at 1308 chilly Willy oh :( how be you? great! no work today! no shiza go up to my room it be hot yar both of us are hanging out today they wanted me to drive to Reading and i was like uh No reading wouldn't have been too bad turnpike is safe roads are fine coming back tho but its good to have a day off after the weekend you all had "yeah, tomorrow it be fine" rearranged my room again moved your bed? nah desk and armorire armorirer is your bed warm enough? armoir LOL at niight is fine good with warm body to snuggle bug awww joey's enthralled he got a new beard mustache trimmer yikes! he's trimmed to the 9s tell him to stay away from the notstrils just did em :D makes your eyes water? and butt crack hair says no easy didnt do butt crack taint hair none there oddly a bald taint he's SO excited you should see this shit andy needs trimming tell him to come over and set up shop ehhh no tanks :-/ poop says come here ha i think i'm holed up andy's going to west p to move his truck i went to the grocerys and laid up for a long winter's night OH and I bought a MOP ew a Clorox jobby job thanks mops be gros s yeah but thanks thanks for thinking of it ok time to screw Oh ooop by the by ok yes i can write jo anny another check? how to get yeah for car/hotel I'll call an ask how much or you can do like 200 installments I was going to give her the other 150 but i could do 200 i think before we leave we owe her like 400 more mebbe that might be too much i think its 160 for car and like 200 for HALF of hotels both rome and palermo oke doke that'll be pretty easy to put together due by March 30 or so we gotta go get passport stuff done mebbe i will go tomorrow to wal mart Field Trip u have to work? yup rading readgin readingo reading again? sheesh ok maybe tomorrow nite ok bert i'll shut up now sorry :-* bi bi gay gay later gator "SKY ROCKETS IN FLIGHT! AFTERNOON DELIGHT!" hooha? "Your IM has been sent to my mobile device. When I receive it, I will be able to reply. Thanks for your IM! Want your IMs forwarded to your phone? Click here" Wha? you dere big momma? says something about forwarding to your phone? see youa fter work i guess... "Your IM has been sent to my mobile device. When I receive it, I will be able to reply. Thanks for your IM! Want your IMs forwarded to your phone? Click here" http://media.mmm.edu/faculty/susan/pics/fluid.mov HA member this? oh man :-0 there we be was I really skinner there? I know lil nostalgic :( how long ago? almost a year we'll do it mor'gin i dunno never like that again but similar and better hopefizzle hmmm mom it's maria I'm on mikee's computer mom it's maria Hi how are you great how are u? OK u alright? Coulfd be better tired of school...? Yes and more :( so sorry what's up? I am going to mke tofu for dinner want some I wish I could early meeting tomorrow so best to stay in the city ok but I would definitely like to see u this week ok let's set a date? ok when is good? thursday? I am babysitting ok I'll come and see u guys and then this weekend? sunday or sat? Jazz has a cyst either is ok WHOA ok to the latter and the former? she has a cyst? u need to use punctuation ! Lymph gland needs to be looked out they are worried oh no I talked to Jenifer this morning she didn't mention life is hard I hope it is nothing serious sigh I hope not either I am signing off ok k MOM wait I just want to ask if you'll be home after 9pm When after 9pm tonight Yes unless I die (violins in the background) I will call u then remember only u are responsible for your own happiness and no can give it to you or take it away I know don't think i am stupid I think u need a change mom don't resist the good things because you are afraid they are there for a reason I need to finish my paper By the way do you belive in coincidence? um. no "I don't think so, Kierkegaard" Interesting I want to talk to you You made me laught thanks ilove you I love you too talk to you later See you ok "thanks for everything, Mom." :) bye bye ok hi mom! ive been trying to reach you Hi I am doing reasearch of health services in prisons.I don't like it but the phone's busy i guess cause your online I hang up if you want no no just wanted to know when u are babysitting Yes i am on line.Tonight at 6 pm k Will i see you i'll be there later than that...traffic yeah I'll come about seven OK see ya ok see u :-/ see u then OK howdy oh hey hey i wondered where you've been i havent seen you on in like forever i took a break from AIM lol really i was pissed at everyone i know booo :-( eh that happens to me a lot i got over it pretty quick lol right> ? fuckers my friends are asshole s "yeah, mine tend to be dramatic" i'm the ass hole ahh i gotta run sorry np ill talk to ya later enjoy your day k nice hearing from ya' heya hi sweet how are ye? good good yourself? very well thanks what you up to? not too much listening to music you? busy weekend? i had fun chatting :-D worked outside all day o0o0o thats fun spent WAY too much time in the city this week lol i went to all the fag clubs on wednesday for the first time in forever and HEY were you trying to get into that ... fuck what's it calle d the fetish party that Mike Saga was throwing nopers over this weekend? i thought you said you were going to one of his NO a while ago ya a while ago i did what's the party called again which one? :-X lol LOL he does tons of different things hold on i'll look it up Imri had told me to go to it and HE WAS TOTALLY RIGHT i looked at the pics and i was like Why the FUCK did i miss htis hes spinning with dj octo-pussy and keoki soon Keoki? really? ya at emerald city june 25th gods basement? is that what your talking about? he spins there once in a while at nocturne i dont really know where else? shock therapy! he does that one vesago Shock Therapy that's it :-D is that the one you were going to with Ricky? http://www.jonnyballs.com/img/ShockTherapy/ nah this month it's medical fetish i think i HAVE to go nucking futz ! lol omg! http://www.momentaryblindness.com/gallery/Tribecca_Friday_6-4-04 i think i kinow the kid in the feathers which? yellow feathered hat with the tattoo on his cheast i see someone i know! lol which one? ah i see two page 4 second down to the left page 5 bottom right heh we'd have fun at this right? ya i love gothy events lol the only clubs i go to when do you turn 21? oct 5th wah wah wah what'sat? still 4 months to go well more like 3 1/2 :-P i thought maybe you had an id? not a fake one :-X i'm in the middle of dling music and porn what a day this has been is that bad? GOOD so good yaaaaay amazing day :-D where you dling porn from? soulseek where do you get yours? whats that? www.slsknet.org i havent downloaded any videos for a while lol you have a bf i got HUNDREDS from kazaa lol ya still need porn how's that going you two have been together for a while now very good almost 5 months amazing longer than any relationship i've ever had ive had a few long ones Welcome to BoyPicsWorld.com haha that's the same guy that does gearcrew great site that site has some good free galleries so what's new? *shrugs* not too much i told ya i got an industrial right? :-D Yup did it heal ok you were having trouble sleeping? my body got used to not rolling over heh i can now though HAHAH i just watched the most fucked up video ever whats that? these guys drove around in a van picked up this straight dude like they were going to shoot some porn with girls and got a straight guy to fuck for money then switched off with a guy LOL but didnt give him the money lol and then fucking dropped him off with a busted check nutz theres a whole website i forget what theyre called i dont like those ones it says baitbus thats irt it the bait bus it's a little bit shocking i dont think its real some of the guys are pretty gay like more shocking than the japanese girls with eels up their cunts how the fuck could you not know? they act like some of these never figured it out lol ya they rape a guy in one some spanish guy who didnt speak english well no shit how do they get rid of him? they drop him off somewhere wasn't he pissed? rape isn't cool no not at all i cant watch the bait bus videos now cause of that what are you listening to? sky fits heaven by madonna my playist is on random i love this song though it's good i wish she hadn't gone nuts lol Punkbois.punktography.com i want to look like him oh that's sweet he reminds me of cassady whose that this guy i knew back in san francisco he was a witch ah i see V.I.P. UP YOUR ASS!!! do you know those kids? no do you? nope good song though i know one of their friends WAIT holy SHIT i think i know the second one from the right where the FUCK did i meet that kid ahh here we go more pics ok maybe not but the guy laying down is hot no shit they're going to be at fluid o really? wah wah i cant go silk city i bet you could get into whats that diner/bar ah i see wow he sewed his eye that's intense wha?? LOL on the pnktography site o0o0o meowza! boing boing ding dong? "the witch, she's dead" eee! which old witch? "doe, a deer" a female deer ohhhhhhhhhhhhh your never fully dressed without a smile *shuffle dances* you know happy solstice that is all you toooooo im sick :-X splish ZAP! your sn doesnt show up on my other buddylist which list? fagboy something is fucked up with my IM i can't get to my blocked list and i think i'm blocked on a few people on my list #NAME? i know craaazy sim aim i have no idea how to fix it it's iChat for os x *twirls hair* poot i pooted *gasps* toop detoop i i can't sleep this is problem i just took nyquil and im smokin a bowl yeeeehaw! i want ambien i think i used to take like 12 of them at woodys haha riding the boat cuz it makes you feel sideways it was crazy! light tripping yes! omg i was walking down the street in my town coming home from the club and i saw a lampost it had a wreath around it for christmas i saw the wreath like a mouth with teeth and the lamp was hoping after me i started running got lost in my own town i slept in a park :-X haha damn in gloucester no less brave you are young skywalker lol it was at like 3 in the morning it's like a waking dream fucks with your head i have no idea if i have any or not it's possible what i really need is some party favors for this weekend lol have you met imri> '? i dont think so? who dat be? 33 year old guy that mike saga knows his whole crew is coming over to my house on saturday for a party birthday party for andrew i'm getting food and booze o0o0o neato but i want drugs too i think they might just show up without asking whommp whoommmmp the idea is to get everyone swimming naked ha! you want to come naked swimming? wish i could y can't you dont think collin would like it he can come too there's going to be all kinds of people here bring ricky too neato and that dude with the punk photography lol im headed to bed sleep warm :-) you as well dear pooka pooka hi just saw your profile on ichatters hi i just got back from lunch hi thanks for getting back i am new to all this do you have a cam i did i gave it away why? if you don't mind me asking "oh, it was more a distraction than a tool at the time" a distraction for what? we bought them as a way for our graphic designers to be more productive oic where are you from again? Philadelphia and you? "Newcastle, in England" are you gay? yes me too single how do i get to see what you look like again? i have shots posted where do i go to see them do i need to log on to ichatters again? nah 1 sec ok http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg great picture you are very attractive thanks what are you looking for? "hmmm, i'm always open to anything" lol goog answer me too "shame you don't have a cam, you could have been my first guy to have a little fun with" there are a few cute boys willing to try do you have pics of your own? yes not on a web site though voxel@neocyde.net ok problems with my email account i will send you them soon they are a bit rude though ha no worries does that mean you don't want me to send you them not at all by all means got to go now. night out with guys from work catch you later ok enjoy your night thanks for getting back before np laters tell santa i said good nite LOL "You know when I make it big time - I wanna buy the finest clothing (from Wal-Mart), and one day walk in to the finest restaurant and say....can I have 2 soft-shell tacos, and 1 steak taco, oh and supersize my drink.....TACO BELL Here I come" ok this is mine hi u mind if we chat ehre instead not at all kewl so r u gonna come hang out with me sometime bring enough money for both our drinks lol j/k you know after the scotch of last weekend i may have quit drinking for a while lol scotch - double malt i hope single oh so u really got fucked up yes but i'm not exactly informed as to why i can not hanlde it is there a specific reason for its toxicity>? i dont know honestly i know - one is aged better - and the single goes down a lot easier - i think - and is much more potent ah i'll have to ask my father's second wife she was a rep ok u do that and let me know i will expect a report tues morning :-D heh well "i talk to her about every five years, so lets schedule that for 2009" LOL come on for me - can u push it up a lil please so what kinda guys do u like there mikee i'm a 31 flavors kind of guy LOL alright - my bud just called - i am off to bed i will ttyl laters lets chat again and u should come out this thurs nights are difficult because of my dependence on public transportation but you're on my list so hit me up where do u live? Jersey where Woodbury hmmm - well we will keep in touch yup nite good night hey whats up not much drawing what's up with you sweet - hey whats up man hi nm what's up with you not much missed u on thurs i thougt u would come out to bob and barbaras lol wow lol thursday i went out with a guy i work with its all good i didnt go there - i was just messin with u oh LOL we ended up somewhere else lol where did you go? we went to 12th air - and pure on thursday? yeah Junior Vasquez played last night i heard it was packed yeah i was there he didnt come on til 4 no SHIT and i left at like 6 oh no doubt was the club still crowded? yeah the dance floor was packed why didnt u go we went to Fluid for Bassnectar how was that u still could of made it over to pure we talked about going but we headed over to a houseparty in west p instead We really had fun at Fluid the music was great kewl how did that go oh the party was intense there were many people there only one other person was gay and he was a little bitch actually he had a bf there but the bf left lol so u hooked up with him lol no u slap him around tell him to stop being such a bitch lol i thought about it he was too young cute in an emo sort of way but not THAT cute lol emo lol how late was Pure open? 10:00 AM we were done at like 4:30 i didn't sleep for two days u should of came over lol ahhh why not what kept u up lol couch surfing thats not fun whta r u doing tonite "movies, sleeping" u see kill bill i saw the first one the 2nd is better make sure u go see it oh i will kewl - what movies u watchin tonite Suddenly Last Summer and Easy Rider what are they who picked them out l i did kewl never heard of them http://imdb.com/title/tt0053318/ http://imdb.com/title/tt0064276/ brb k u must be having a nite to urself with those 2 huh :-) pretty much i'm older than i used to be awww i don't party like a rock star so who do u get to cuddle with - while u watch them my mother's quilt awww well when u let me pick the movie - i will come cuddle with u lol LOL you don't approve of my choices? i dont know - the first one - i am not sure of how could you POSSIBLY turn down Elizabeth Taylor and Katherine Hepburn in the SAME MOVIE ? i dont know i am not sure what i was thinkin sorry LOL you were close to getting your gay card revoked although there IS something i have to ask you about ok whats that did i happen to see a George Bush Icon by your name the other day? yeah was it a joke? no that's grounds for divorce we are not married yet i'm saying in general for anyone you know lol a reasonable person let me guess u dont like bush I respect that George Bush believes what he says. However. fill in the argument ... i dont know what ur thinkin you could pretty much pick an issue "he's like, the anti-me" better yet Dick Cheney is the anti-me i wouldnt say anti u - or me - why anti u i don't lie to people on a regular basis i dont think the pres does either as a matter of a fact - as he stated in his press conf - the one thing u can count on - is when he says something he will do it "he doesn't have the ability to consider alternate points of view, and that makes him a bad manageer" no i would say he is a very good manager - because he enables his ppl around him - and trust what they say the people around him advise him with biased information TRUE because it is impossible not to be bias on any issue the ppl around him - have a like minded agenda - its the agenda of the ppl who put him office i disagree. presenting something subjectively doesn't go as far as omitting critical information in order to sell a point that's bad business and r u refering to iraq no not just then what the perscription drug benefit the epa and on and on what about the benifis a week after it was passed we found out the administration supressed the true cost from the congress see my issue is this - they say he didnt do a good job with the econ - now they are seeing that the bush tax cuts worked they say he did nothing with persecipt drugs for elders - no its not the best -but its a start and better then what they had it's also going to cost one hundred fifty Billion more than they were willing to admit to No Child Left Behind is a regular disaster and the piece de resistence an Amendment against people like me now this is where u will not like me building discrimination back into our constitution because - i think the pres is right on that issue he had no other choice when liberal courts decide to make laws - then elected officials - have no other recourse i thnk that marriage is defined as that of a man and woman - i do support civil unions - but when u go and redefine marriage thats an issue marriage is a legal contract that falls under the rights of equal protection no judge made any law marriage lic is a legal act but marriage as it is defined - is that of a man and woman the legal definition is the only one the counts moral definitions are contrary to founding principles but they are what the ppl know and they are what the ppl want not what i want tell me why a civil union will not work for u legislating morality is tyrrany ignoring it is detrimental to society the romans did quite well for themselves so what made rome fall "given enough time, everything changes" lets hope not change is the only constant that's physics true - but maybe we need to change back some things "well as long as we're revoking civil rights, there are a few i think you might want reconsider" what civil rights are we revoking "the stuggle i have is - how do u compare ones sexuality which is a personal and private issue with that of blacks, woman and other minorities - its not the same" it most certainly is no it is not explain how homosexuality isn't a choice or at least see and that is where we differ i think it is made before we can be held responsible for it explain most people know they're gay before they hit puberty but what about those who dont? do they make a choice i don't think you can call instinct a choice and i dont think you can outlaw instinct and i think instinct is just as basic as sex or race i would disagree and see thats the difference - ur taking something that is not tangable and using it against a tanagble item and trying to make an argument with it now - so that u understand I am fine with my sexuality - its not something that i hide - but at the same time - it is not something i flaunt either the greatest form of acceptance for me - is when someone tells me they dont care because - the same way i dont want to know what my girlfriend and her bf are are doing in bed - is the same way i dont want to know who my gay friends are sleeping with how can you translate the choice of ignorance into a constitutional amendment? it is not a choice of ignorance "i don't want to know" i understand there are legal reason why a gay couple would want the legal benifits of a married couple "insurance, etc" i support that and you can't accept that they want to make the same level of commitment>? under their own beliefs ? under a perfectly acceptable belief system? but isnt that pushing their believe system on everyone else no because their marriage doesn't affect your beliefs but its not an acceptable belief system to everyone how are you harmed by gay marriage? it does when it opens the door for any other type of act because of course all homosexuals are pedophiles no not at all that's the implication remember u r talkin to one my lifestyle doesnt' open the door to bad things for other people ur lifestyle no but this act of gay marriage does what to say that a person says hey - if 2 guys can get married - then i want a 2nd wife - or even stranger i want to marry my goat - as crazy as it sounds - thats what can happen - and thats what ppl are afraid of why do you care what other people choose to do with their lives you just said you don't want to know about it how would you feel its a morality issue if someone started caring about things you do and prevented you from doing them and morality affects society lol what's the difference between you and the worse redneck? i am blk that's a coincidence but prob not much more then that - in ur thinkin and a convenience how so your argument is no different than Jerry Falwell's. it's just blunted. i have issues with Jerry but my issues with Jerry are a lil different then i'm surprised you forward his ideals its not his ideals now grant u - i am prob the biggest oxymoron in the world that's not a justification no but it does affect my thinkin and choices "see i am was raised one of those conservative right wing christians, went to Christian school - college - hell i even had a full ride to Jerry's school -" I understand the thought pattern of them for the most part - outside of me being gay - i am one and i struggled and you were able to reconcile your sexuality with that moral code? because the only way to do that is develop your own belief system its hard - trust me it is truly difficult which every individual at least in this society has a right to do that supercedes every other right nah - my believe system is still intact i would say but it's your own it isn't the party line no not at all it isn't what's in the book you've made up your own exceptions to the rule see - my issue with Christians today in regards to homosexual is simple no i made no exception to the rule if asked - i tell my christian friends and anyone then you must hate yourself i make a conscience decision to do something that i know is wrong - and i dont have myself for it you would be willing to be thrown in jail if you were caught? "but see Christians - they can forgive ever other type of sinner, from a murder, to a child molester, a thief - but we alienate the homosexual and wonder why they dont want to have anything to do with us - and its a fear issue - caus the reality of it is in the Chruch in great numbers" and for my believes - i think i can say i would be willing to be thrown in jail yes see its a lot easier to say something - and more difficult to act on it and you've accepted the dictate that according to your own beliefs you're going to burn in a Christian hell? well according to my Christian believe system I dont burn in hell for my sins - i burn in hell for rejecting Christ according to Paul you reject Christ with your sins see the great think about Christ and Christianity is - every other religion is based on what u do - but Christianity is based on what Christ did - and once u accept Christ - there is nothing u can do to lose it - its there for good i hope that works out for you "it does - and see the good thing is - i knew that before i started acting on my homosexual ""instint" yours is only one interpretation of Christianity among Christians many of them don't agree with you and i would argue to them prove it in the bible the bible is full of contradictions lol and things we find morally reprehensible u may think - but to a christian - it is the basic of life - and everything one needs for life is in it so if they argue Christianity any other way then mine - they better be able to back it up - thats all i am saying what if a Christian put to you the Bible's interpretation of a womans place? explain u mean to be submissive not just women deserved to be stoned when they disobey? under the law "old testament - under law new testament - under grace" wow - i didnt think i would end up on this conversation these are the only ones that matter to me good to know i prob didnt score many points with u then :-) "eh, you have the strength of conviction" which is respectable but the logical ends of your arguments are places i don't go thank u u know i tend not to bring up my religious opinion esp when i am talkin to gays - i try to keep it to myself for that very reason - and others i don't talk about religion or politics as anything but intellectual exercises well i think politics esp this election will be a major decididng factor in our nation i would consider leaving if we continue with the current policy really yes why is that it's depressing to watch malice spread explain i don't enjoy judgemental people or policies made at the expense of of others every policy is made at the expense of others "if you believe that, then you have less understanding of creativity than i expected" no no i am very creative and understanding - but the bottom line is that is true name any policy - and someone is not happy with it "not everyone has to be happy, they just deserve to be considered." agreed i couldnt agree with u more "not prejudicially considered, but actually listened to" i agree but that means all side I dont mind those who disagree with me - i think thats a good thing - and provide balance - and I dont always have to win - as long as the decisions that is reached is the best one for everyone - its all about balance - i think it's pretty fair to say that the past four years have given us legislation that isn't in the best interests of everyone haven't i wouldnt say that at all ok enough ok how bout this i have to run - but next time we chat - lets just talk about ur excellent movie selection ok enjoy your night cya cutie yeah i have to lay carpet - its going to be a blast enjoy urs - and hopefully we can see past our differnces - and maybe chill one day but i get to pick the movie :-P k hey whats up hottie up early what's up with you? just working ugh yes? I hate to be stuck in kville during spring break everyone else is off having orgiastic sex but me :-\ you need a hooker i need to get laid quite honestly the gayest boy in the world just came up to the desk did you ask him how much? he got an attitude with me which I did not appreciate over? the location of the copy machines figures here he comes again ask him how much? hahah he's pretty cute he's not cute enough to get a free bitching pass that's true he had the nasty attitude...not the fun gay bitchy attitude maybe he isn't getting laid either could be...I know my attitude has deteriorated since my last flogging ew flogging? sorry...bad joke fine..since my last fucking "I may go home, get naked, and go to bed" that's usually what i do I don't like to lay naked though then don't ? well i guess that makes sense that's what i'm here for so I'm staying with some fag at penn when I come did I tell you? no well i am on purpose? that's who I was put with i don't quite understand how this information gets circulated the fact the some people suck dick? yes well...it does you have experience with Penn...you should be the one tellingme i would be kind of shocked if the university used that as a way to assign something at least in my case well...I guess the dude thinks the queers will feel more comfortable staying with other queers it sounds like they're going out of their way to get you to come well...i think it's just part of their whole plan but it does make sense I kept me from having to get a hotel for 3 nights I only had to get it for one night make him take you out he is...the lambda law people are taking all the q's out ok...my shift is over thank god I am going to the house I will talk to you later k i want to send martha some flowers send her a cake witha file in it haha...such a tragedy some big bulldyke is gonna make her a bitch i bet you she gets her own suite the said on cnn that the BOP would make sure she didn't get special treatment I just hope she gets kitchen duty i think my cable just wen tout that sucks nothing on really queer eye was on it's old well...did it? back on that's good should i watch a dvd tonight? yes moulin rouge? why not Leauge of their own? perhaps Steel magnolias? better Ghostbusters classic I have bought like 15 in the last 2 weeks wow have you watched them all? no 3 of them so you have 12 to choose from? well...I own 43 so I could watch an old one i love this damn movie which one Moulin rouge why so much? the music I love Baz Luhrman kyan gets nekkid a lot yes he makes me moist did you buy Mommie Dearest? yes wait no "I think you talked about it, but I wasn't sure if you did" i got Whatever Happened to Baby jane did you like it? it was ok I like it...not sure I need to own it though it's on tv a lot hey big boy how's it going? all right at work how are you? doing very well...I'm at my friend's house in Nashville spring breaking? yeah..pretty much we are working on theses ect. but going out as well where to? Tribe mostly Tribe? yeah...a bar sounds like a great visit work and play yeah...I needed to get away even though I am coming to Philly in two weeks when did you leave? I needed it now Yesterday at noon staying until Friday morning how is work going? busy as hell getting everything done at once better than not having anything to do I suppose I have 24 pages done on my thesis what are you expecting to have when you're finished? like 30-32 oh that's good then I am working on the last chapter right now all that is left after that is the conclusion what's going on? watching a movie which movie? Party Monster ahh never heard of it McCauley Culkin hmm it's terrible why are you still watching? mostly for the story it's based on a true story oh ok McCauley Culkin trying hard to play a fag and failing miserably hahaha I can imagine well that was disappointing at least you expected it plusses: McCauley Culkin's ass what was the name of it? Party Monster i'm gonna have to look it up it's really very bad so what are you up to now? nothing wasting time basically i'm porn browsing in the past three minutes i have developed a sinus headache oh...that sucks :-( I had one for a week I'm off to bed...I hope you feel better :-* sleep good thanks you as well talk to you tomorrow laters http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&cid=519&u=/ap/20040317/ap_on_re_us/county_gay_ban_1&printer=1 i listened to an old woman bitch about it the whole way home today this was just brought to my attention I think Spring City is in Rhea County? Yes it is Not far from my home yay home sweet fucking home this is so fucking unbelievable really that unbelievable> ? well...kinda but not entirely what's new with you? nothing going to boston tomorrow how have you been? what for? yeah...for a day and a half when i visited Harvard in HS brb k k back no no HOW have you been? I am doing well...classes are ok Working out is going good when is your trip to Philly? Next Thursday I'm excited about that and when do you go to california? I'm not at the present...remember? I decided I wanted to stay with Penn you told me this? Yeah I decided it like 2 weeks ago and no trip to europe? nah...my friends aren't even going now. my trip to LA just got cancelled i think I'm gonna save my money where I can have some extra in Philly why is that? app Maria couldn't get off work where you just going to play or for other things? play cool any word about your job? interview is tomorrow wait friday wait which job in asia this weekend cool you have another interview? tuesday in new york what job? same thing basically different company nice... i hope so i'm not prepared enough I am sure you are...you just never feel like you are i haven't finished my lesson plans yet are you started them? i have i'm sort of in the middle good i'm almost done making a song i've been working on it for three hours awesome...I have no creativity at the moment. I spent all day working on a presentation about the Beth Alpha synagogue so i am worn out the Beth Alpha syngagogue? yes familar with it? no neither was I what's it for?| jewish history i mean the synagogue It's a synagogue... in Israle israel of any special purpose? it has a zodiac on the floor which is odd for Jews the class sucks be there are no tests just presentations on synagogues yes has the snow melted away already? mostly good..i saw on the penn law webcam that is was snowing yup all day ok going to pack k ttyl all packed up? pacjed too much shit hahaha pack like a str8 boy please one pair of undies onepair of shoes a pair of pants and 2 shirts "i have two suits, with matching sweaters, three outfits, one too many pairs socks/underwear, and a three pairs of shoes" and you are gonna be gone for? Friday to Wednesday maybe Tuesday and a pair of pajamas and a sassy little shirt i made well...that packing list is acceptable i scored higher than Al Gore on the SAT You are talking to a boy who took 3 bags to nashville for three days what did he get? 1355 ewww I was an ACT expert Expert? yeah which means? hey..he let us out early I will be back in a few 35/36 ha on the test it was kind of brutal I bet you did good! "eh, i don't know what to think" i think my interviewer though i was cocky i mean i answered everything pretty well but i don't know if he liked my attitude they didn't offer me the job on the spot they said they would write within the week :\ I'm sorry hun...doesn't mean terrible things though no i hope patrick calls me so i can ask him what happened when they hired him what are you up to? just got back in I spent the whole day with 7 high school kids who are interviewing for full scholarhsips at UT was it fun? i could have got some if I had worked harder one boy was a fag cuz he asked me if I was since my thesis is on sodomy and he wanted to know about gay shit at ut how cute i guess his parents weren't with him no...parents aren't allowed ha probably so they can ask real questions "yeah,,," he was cute a tad young maybe bad policy to get with the recruits i think maybe not though well...I won't be there next year but I don't wanna end up like the colorado football team ha ok i'm going to go drink this anxiety away k..have fun I'll ttyl laters how far did you say the University City station is from Penn Law? three blocks ok...I can do 3 blocks I suppose yes I assume it is relatively easy to find Penn Law? yes it's across from the biggest field on campus I'm find it me and my big suitcase hey hi what's up I just got home from the airport not long ago :-) how did it go? absolutely amazing really? yes I didn't want to leave for any particular reason ? I met all the gay 1L's and 2L's and they were so wonderful to me and my other friends super nice did you go out with them? yeah to? Woody's and Pure on Thursday Night and then to Shampoo on Friday Night ha did they take you to bump? No..we went to shampoo instead because of the drink special it's a cute little bar down the street from woodys right was the club crowded? YES Wharton had rented out Pure on Thursday night oh good but we didn't know it it's hit and miss sometimes for a Studio 54 party so gay night was cancelled oh. well...we crashed the wharton party MBAs? I guess We were like the only q's in the joint and what did you think of the school? I loved it That collegial bullshit they put in the brochure seems to be true ha I'm sending my deposit tomorrow so that's it then Yep :-D :-D i bet that feels good I can't think of a place I would be happier I can think of no school I could be happier at I'm such a Penn whore now :-p ha yeah it wears off yeah...about the time the bill comes what's going on? just drawing what's up with you? just got back from old navy :-D I had to buy new clothes since all mine are now toooooo big oh hey excellent reason I told you I was on a diet right? what kind of diet? low carb/working out intensely it's going well? oh yeah...I have lost 48 lbs dropped 6 pants sizes and 2 shirt sizes wow in how much time? since january whoa why so much all of a sudden? i'm even sexier now than I was before ;-) heh hmm...I'm just really strict about it and I work out 3 x's a week on the elliptical which burns 650 calories a time did you talk to you doctor about it? yeah good my cholesterol...which was just 141 has dropped to 124 so what did you get at Old Navy? new jeans and tees I don't want to spend a lot of money since I am still losing good plan I was totally surpised to put on a large shirt how so I didn't think I could wear a large.... I just noticed recently how fucking baggy all my clothes are did you hear about the jobs you interviewed for? i haven't checked i decided that it's not what i want to do oh ok...so what is your new plan no plan for now you can always stay in Philly and hang out with me in the fall ;-) speaking of which i need to email patrick who is patrick? my friend from high school who is over there right now "over there""?" Japan philly? oh haha hey...I'm gonna run and take a bath ok i will talk to you in a few k enjoy i always do ;-) hey sexy...how are you? well thanks the pleasure is mine in the middle of something ahh...at work? es ok...I was seeing how you were. I'll let you return to the drudgery ;-) how was work? it was pretty fun today how are you? i'm ok I tried to work on a paper that is due on the 27th and got 2 pages done but they suck it's friday no need for work I have nothing else to do what are you up to? just getting settled in an evening at home? yup going out tomorrow cool... having such a good time in philly made me realize how dull it is here when are you moving? like mid august which is too far away I'll survive :-) there's stuff to do in knoxville after 22 yrs I have done it all probably so and those I haven't done aren 't worth doing anything new with you? um i'm saying no hmm...we both seem rather boring tonight i'm sort of beat from my day did you work at home or there? office work all day? yes i'm a little beat and i'm going back tomorrow i may watch a movie tho I bought 5 dvd's last night alnong with the new pants and shirts damn I'm been giving handjobs on the corner for extra cash must be a busy corner I'm just really good ;-) the dvd's were used...I had to get Bring it on is that the cheerleading movie? yeah :-) haven't seen it it's not an oscar winner but it's funny my sister saw it several times but then again she was a cheerleader I saw it at the theater twice and on tv like 100 x's it's on tv? not now...but it comes on all the time what channel? TBS I think no shit no shit? everything comes on tbs i thought it was too new to be on tv oh no it is 3 yrs old shows you how much i know don't worry about seeing it...if you are still in philly you can come watch it at my house ;-) what else did you get tea with Mussolini A Beautiful Mind LOTR: Fellowship of the RIng "and the DVD of the TV show ""The Simple Life" oh god another one i didn't know about hahah that's ok you bought that used? yeah it's hilarious "i am soooo cold, it is freezing in this damn house" put some clothes on? I'm comfortable in bed...except for being cold...and I really don't want clothes one right now I really can't bitch then can I? nope you are like the little devil that sits on my shoulder waiting to kick the angel's ass why do i got to be the devil? because you are no angel honey :-D it's a compliment....in my mind at least... god that means I'm weird as hell doesn't it? nah oh good I wish I could move to Philly as soon as school is over maybe I can work something out.. hmm what are you doing over the summer nothing I have to move home to my parents :-( because my lease is up no job? nope...i will be too far from kville to want to drive everyday and there isn't much to do around here and even less near our farm what about an internship somewhere? I thought about that but if it is in dc/nyc/philly it will most likely be unpaid and I am trying to minimize expenditures this summer right I'll survive...it'll make getting there much more enjoyable and I can save up my drinking money are you going to be making money? I'm gonna do some odds and ends...my mother's credit union is moving so I am gonna help move and I may fill in there during vacations..nothing permanent ah did you ever hear about the buddhism class? i got the grad e Congrats!!! :-D so you are officially a penn graduate? no my thesis needs a grade and this will occur when? no id3ea i have a meeting on monday to discuss it ok...good and then it will be official? after the grade pretty much i also have to finish paying cool haha of course paying is the hard part did I tell you I got my finaid package from penn? no how was it "one page...it said ""0" and that was ll all I got no scholarships or grants... just loans wow did you apply for grants? "152,000 over 3 yrs to be exact" yeah that's intense I know...I had a very hard time the day I got it it was not a *good* day can you apply for private grants? actually it may not do you any good it wouldn't...I'm gonna have to pay full price :-\ I've talked to everyone I can think of "what will the payment be like when you get out of school>" ? "if I live not too extravagently, I should be able to pay it off in 5 yrs" wow I am thinking mor elike 7 yrs still for 150 grand that's amazing "penn's average salary is 125,000" "so after taxes that leaves like 100,000" doing WHAT in a large firm jebus A penn law degree is worth it mmhm "if I was going to NYU...it would be like 200,000" that's nuts why NYU? The cost of living is higher "fucking 75,000?" "yeah....the living budget is like 10,000 more a yr and tuition is higher" OH i thought you meant getting paid ohno hopefully my bf won't mind riding around in a hyudai hyundai ha did I tell you I have turned celibate? no I think it sounds better to make it look like a choice rather than just saying I'm not getting any :-p ah any new developments in your love life? please no have you taken yourself off the market? of course i know the feeling did you ever decided to watch a movie? soon have you made a selection? Blue Velvet hmm... don't think i know it David Lynch film isabella rossellini... it sounds like a good movie supposed to be weird like Mulholland Drive I saw a good but different movie the other night which Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind oh yeah i saw that with Jeffrey in Boston did you enjoy it? um eh i was pretty high i think i have to see it again we both came out feeling like it was just ok what did you think? i'mn going to jump in the shower brb k im me when you get back i just washed my hair for the first time in a week why did you wait a week? my hair looks great dirty my hair looks dirty when it is dirty but you know what? what today was my best hair day in YRS maybe ever why I just did a really good job styling it this morning and I have a good cut and it is now the perfect length take a picture if it's the best day ever i washed it already alas I know how I did it how so if I do it again monday I will send a pic right you doubt me? no ok...good I haven't sent you a pic in a while...you are due one oh? you know what the last one I sent was either the dirty ones or the drunk ones drunk what? i really enjoy knowing that my conditioner has crushed pearls in it what kind is it? it's like a purely American joy John Freida or some such k yeah..you deserve a new pic...If I can secure a camera I will get one in my new clothes the emperor has new clothes isn't that the story where he is really naked? ;-) some say hmmm...that gives me such ideas ok time for my movie or i'll fall asleep and they're overdue as it is ok...I will talk to you soon have a good night you too good afternoon what's shaking? not much reading about bone conduction what's up with you>? Just got home from working out i got so fucking wasted this weekend i only just stopped feeling hung over only drinks or more than drinks? just drinks and a gravity bong i bought some 15 year old scotch i actually felt a little hung over when I was in Philly and I never get hungover but I had about 8 martini glasses of vdka and my body felt overwhelmed I suppose there's a really great special on ABC right now what is it? Jesus and Paul i see I am watching the bball game presently did the Lady Vols win the Final Four? they play for the championship tomorrow against UConn ha i hate those damn yankee bitches who's going to win UConn probably i want more stuffing yummy Nick and Jessica have a variety hour yes...I haven't saw it yet have you? i just found out Sonny and Cher all over again i'd like to think that Sonny and Cher were a little more with it that f-ing Nick and Jessica I like Nick...simply for visual reasons he never takes his shirt off on MTV he does he doesn't!Q i've never seen it! i've watched! nothing! I have seen it bastard go get the new Details.... he is shirtless in it i want it's very good I bought it you should go get it! i'll try to remember how was the rest of your day? it was good i saw almost everyone today did you go to work? yes cool I went...for a bit didn't stay? i got tired of it and took it to the house took work? took my ass to the house ah i think Paul is about to bite it hahah...I wish I could have seen it all Georgia Tech is getting a new one ripped this is mens or womens? Men 60-37 whoa 11.39 to go time to go upstairs w or w/o comp? with "technically, i never took off my pajamas today" sweet I would put mine on...but I can't find them so i am sitting the way god intended too fucking cold for aall that it snowed last night it's never too cold to be naked if you have the heat on my best friend at school just bitched me out fucking ho about? she wants to go out this week "i said sure, ""we can celebrate our new futures." since we both picked our law schools this week k "and she was like ""THERE IS TO BE NO MORE LAW SCHOOL TALK."" I DON'T WANT TO HEAR OR TALK ABOUT IT ANYMORE" k this was the bitching? yeah...this is a culmination we used to hang out like 2-3 times a week and since this whole law school thing started she has shunned me why I have no idea she has been acted weird since it started she had a nervous breakdown of sorts on me several times because her test score was higher than mine yet she is going to a less respected school oh for fucks sake "she was like ""I wish I could be black or gay"" so I could go to a top school" and I let her have it for that where is she going? U of Georgia "I was like ""Penn didn't know I was queer until AFTER i got in." i thought that's what you wrote you essay on "yeah...I wrote a diversity essay on it, BUT i didn't send it to Penn" because penn makes you wrote 2 essays based on specific things "I wrote one about our farm and the other one is ""Why Penn?" maybe I am just being nuts but we haven't been the same since December the stupid thing is that it's such a fucking joke the ivy league is ridiculous just a ridiculous concept there are other schools that are SO much better simply because they don't pull idiots with rich parents Yeah...it is ridiculous but unfortunately the only thing that counts in law jobs when you graduate is prestige i signed my loan papers today you're officially owned indentured servant "if you need to find me in Philly, I will be on the corner give blowjobs for $20.00" "I have whored myself to the ""man"" and it actually feels good" the desktop you made me caused quite a ruckus in class today howso I had to give a presentation in class so when I turned the projector on it showed up "and everyone was like ""what is that?" your response? "and the prof goes, ""I think i know what it is." "and i was like ""it's just an artistic rendering by a friend." "you didn't say, it's a gay pr0n star and he's on fire bitches!" uh...no It did cross my mind though "next time, go for the gusto" "I wanted to say ""that's my favorite porn star" i'm a little surprised you're still using it why? I Really like it :-D i like it to but i change my desktop all the time you did an amazing job.. when I find something I like...I stick with it that's why I still talk to you ;-) ha so do I ever actually get to meet you? or will you continue to only live in cyberspace? only time will tell "since the only time we had the opportunity, I fell sick with the plague" precisely i didn't do it on purpose! I would have driven to OR...if I could have handled being vertical no matter it is what it is i intend to correct it is the doc. over? yes what are you watching now? nothing reading about summer classes are you taking classes? i just started considering it any good classes? some interesting ones all art classes the classes at penn law excite me :-) I'm such a nerd you'll be in close company I'm not sure how many get excited over con law you do i sure do "How can you not like a school that has a class called ""Blasphemy""?" just wait until you get here let me enjoy it...I will learn soon enough to resent it good afternoon hi what's going on? at work and busy ahh..i'll let you go i'll talk to you later laters ha ok better i'm in the park now the wave has subsided? all the fires are out good...are you off for the rest of the day? no still working just outside oh...score so how is the weather? fucking beautiful maybe the first day this year it's been like this awesome I wish I could fucking be outside where are you now? instead of stuck in a library move the circulation desk outside I wish I could hun...I wish I could go ahead and quit actually no quit? why no quit? I am quitting as soon as the semester is out But I have about 250 on my credit card that has to be paid before I can quit ah peanutz if you would like to help a q out...I can give you my addy ;-) i can recommend a good corner that ain't what I asked... :-p but thanks so i was googling the game last night i guess something happened in the second half? yeah\ they lost in the second half They fell behind in the mid 1st by 17 whoa and I thought that bitch was sunk They cut it to 6 at halftime so i was into it with 10 min left they had cut it to 2 pts whoa but some stupid white bitch on our team fouled on a 3 pt play i missed that too i bet you were going nutz when that happened omg...I fucking hit the table so hard I knocked 2 beers over and then the same stupid white bitch didn't guard taurasi close enough and she hit a 3 then the SAME BITCH fouled a girl shotting a 3 pointer and she got 3 foul shots who is this poor girl of which you speak? freshman bitch Sidney Spencer she's OFF THE TEAM she had played well in other games but she sucked a fat one last night poor pat i was noping she would win I was too :-( I wanted something to be proud of this school for while I am here at least well i have good news for you Penn is a huge basketball school that's cool "but the ""level"" of play wouldn't be quite the same" ha Penn men's is probably very much like TN womens did you ever go to the games? not a basketball game football? two football games maybe championships I am proud of you for that you are sooo butch ha well i was drunk and we threw the goalpost in the river so it was worth it Penn's football is terrible though Oak Ridge could kick the shit out of them hahahahahah well I've only been to 3 games at UT maybe if the kids on oak ridge were 250 instead of 150 UT games are FUN they pretty good I've been to all the big games FLorida Georgia Alabama Miami wiat not alabama thats 4 cuz that would be 4 and I have been to approx. 500 lady vol games holy shit for like 8 yrs I didn't miss a home game you get free tickets? wait 8 years? yeah....my parents had season tickets since I was little Oh my god i love talking to people from TN why? because they're so NICE aside from the obvious and because i sound like i'm a hillbilly did someone from TN just walk by? no i called down to Pellissippi community college to register for a class oh ok and they were app. very nice to you? extremely i mean it's like she was in a good mood like a naturally good mood and that's fucking hard to find around here it's too fucking cold I hope you have maintained your naturally sunny disposition "no, I'm a bitch and you know this" booted... but i have returned welcome back thank you I like your natural bitchiness it works out for me too hahah so I am moving in 18 weeks you picked a date roughly what happens in 18 weeks?\ I said I am MOVING in 18 weeks yeah but WHY 18 WEEKS because school starts in 20 weeks oh god actually orientation starts in 20 weeks do you know where you're going to live? i think so...but I don't wanna tell you :-) since you will be ashamed of me "yeah, I'm gonna live in the grad dorms by the law school" the dorms dun dun duhhhhh for 590 a MONTH? yeah "that includes cable, power, water, internet" with or without roommate? unfort with...but we get our own bedrooms MEH ultra Meh we only share a bath and kitchen/livin aread I didn't say it was high class...just convienient did you see the dorms while you were here? yeah I stayed on the floor of a guys room they have single apt. but they are crazy $$$ and i wasn't going to pay that much for a dorm when are you taking a class at Pellisippi? first week of may what class? Motorcycle safety i see gonna start riding? yes cool that's rather exciting a bit it's overcompensating for my boring life what are your summer plans? just keep working? yup this pretty much nice...I will be sitting over in Sweetwater looking at cows all day long :-) driving a tractor at least you'll be outside.. that's true...I can work on my tan and sit outside counting the weeks in the dirt omg the cutest dog EVAR just came by i want a cocker spaniel i didn't know you liked dogs i *heart* dogs awww that's cute you should get a puppy i want one bad I would LOVE to have a dog when I move I'm going to miss mine :-( do you like cats? i grew up with a lot of cats but they falling lower on my list good boy I hate cats one attacked me once did you attack back? booted...again turn up your ear Alice i said did you attack back? no...I can like a little bitch ran* hahaha I was only like 5 I was throwing it up in the air and when it landed it ran after me and mauled my leg well no fucking wonder it didn't have to get all huffy um it's a cat i just wanted to play you were throwing a cat hahahahaahha at give five you should know better i didn't say I was bright when I was little ok my battery is done back to the bat cave ok...i will talk to you later have a good afternoon laters how was the rest of the day? pretty good excellent good to hear did you watch Jeopardy today by chance? nope missed it what's up? "some kid has won 124,000" he is a total social misfit Ha ha "he looked a little ""off" fuck it "he's got 124,000 more than i do" we could almost send me to law school...the little shit three days that's a take I was approved for my loan this afternoon ha like you weren't going to be WELL it is nice to know I have the money :-p oh they'll give you the money they'll just ask for it back you know Penn gives you a life insurance policy when you graduate specifically for that purpose haha I finally saw the button when I was there... ha well there it is you know i've never actually seen anyone fucking under it but i've heard stories you told me...didn't you say that was one of your goals? nah i'm over it if i never set foot on that campus again it would be fine haha...need a break from penn? yes i'm over it well..good thing you are done almost done oh yes..the thesis it never ends mine was approved yesterday ...finally approved as in grade? A yes neat i was very excited it was a HUGE relief so you're pretty much done? I have 8 pages of a 10 page history paper done I have a poli sci paper left 8 pages one presentation and a test and that's it pay someone else to do it I'm not that brace brave I would rather do it myself and get a C don't do it? claim temporary insanity it worked for me hahah I just need to pass my classes...no biggy you've probably already passed them almost all of them this history paper is worth 30% so get a 7- 70 that's all i want on the paper in the class silly "oh...I would rather not get a C, but I will take one" my friend is afraid he is gonna be drafted if they ever start to draft people is he gay? of course...so he is gonna tell them that he is a nelly homo and that trying to suck all that dick would be distracting right if he can just hold one a year or two he will be too old is he there with you now? no...on aim tell him i'll pose with him in dirty pictures if need be hahahah wait is he cute? depends on what kinda boy you like well he is really skinny and tall...kinda like a string bean there are many kinds of boys i like does he have any flavor? no really he's pale and scrawny how big is his cock? 6 inches maybe 6.5 you've seen it? yes.... doing what we were swimming nude well then how do you know it's 6 inches? cuz he got hard when I grabbed it under the water Ha ha you go boy tall and skinny with a six inch cock you're right probably not my type I love him...like my brother...but I don't think he is cute at all he is the exact opposite of my type well then why did you grab his cock cuz I felt like it and it was there good answer I thought so i'm on a shopping spree and i need to spend another 8 dollars what have you bought? to get free shipping a book on airbrushing lube? dildos? porn? oh ok and a membership to g.com and my motorcycle class I almost got a membership but I never feel like it will be worth it it's not but if ibuy it i'll stop going there i haven't been to g.com in several weeks maybe a month or two since I had my stalker :-\ stalker? YES which one is this? some dude found me on g.com and he was in my class and he wouldn't leave me alone cute? NO a mess a HOT mess hot? hot mess=nasty ahh he kept sending me dirty messages and emails oh so what did you do? I told him to leave me the fuck alone and finally he got the point it was weird at least ou can say you've had one i've never had one you want me to stalk you for a day or two? so you can feel like a part of the crowd? no but thanks no problem...anything for a friend why was this kid a mess? he wasn't cute at all and he weirded me out he was nice at first but then he got crazy poor thing and you told him to fuck off what was I supposed to do? end up like Silence of the lambs? find him a bf I CAN'T EVEN FIND MYSELF A BF.... if I could find me one...I might have tried to get him one you could have had him... LOL ew I really don't want a bf right now...I'm bout to be up out I wouldn't mind getting laid though philly is full of faggots good so far the only people I know in Philly are fags you/the Penn kids/the future penn kids i don't know ANY of them LOL i thought you knew every homo in philly no all my friends are straight by choice or chance? chance i don't know any gay people so it's hard to meet more all my guy friends are gay...all my girl friends are straight i have maybe two gay friends total that's unfortuante or maybe not i am gonna go take a bath...I will be back in a few k I have returned the trumpets sound yes...I heard them "I had to watch that new show, ""The Swan"" on Fox" what's it about? They take some of the ugliest bitches you ever seen oh god and totally make them over during a 3 month period i can see where this is going and then they have a pageant at the end Haha haaaa do they cut them up? yeah like a total surgical thing They even liposuctioned this one bitches ankles how many bitches 2 a week one per week goes to the pageant i'm sorry liposuctioned her ankles? YES! nice just her ankles? oh no they liposuctioned everything what did they do with all the leftover skin cut it out! put it in a bag sent it to the dump did it work? one of the women was absoluetly gorgeous when they finished i want photos but the other girl didn't lose all the weight she was supposed to I don't have any photos they were FUGLY when they started there must be a website yeah...but they probably won't be on until after Pacific time fucking coming soon hahah who was it today? trust me...they was F-U-G-L-Y they're not that bad they just don't have any makeup on a mess...a hot mess WHO was ON Marnie? Merline? Kelly Belinda? and Rachel kelly's pretty bad she was the loser ew and poor Rachael RACHEL IS HOT NOW which one got their ankles done? kelly and how do they lose the weight? they stay at this place for three months and go on a diet plan what kind of diet? 1200 calories per week? a day bitch not much of a damned diet I bet that fat bitch was eating 4000 a day 1200 a day is nothing i'm going back on a diet haha i need to but which one ? laxatives and stimulants i think fucking crackhead diet was the best one i ever had low carb in this house? not possible i was just thinking about spagehettios even though i haven't seen a can of that in years but seriously my grandmother cooks it's all fucking comfort food i am an unsexy bitch you are not unsexy!!!! the hell i'm not i need to lose fucking 25 pounds people used to *stare* at me walking down the street but then again you are talking to someone who needs to lose 50 more...don't be crying to me about weight baby it may have had something to do with my outfits well at least you're actually doing it well...it's about damn time I did how much do you weigh? i have no idea honestly i'm sure you are still very attractive nope i can tell the difference my clothes suck my hair is long and dirty well wash it and cut it and i'm overfuckingweight i don't want to ha haha I am getting mine cut tomorrow "i thought it was ""the perfect length" it was...now it be too long on the sides that was like THREE days ago baby...my hair grow like a weed i want my damn bike how long is your hair? "then i can have long dirty hair, stupid looking clothes, be overweight, and still be sexy" it's around my chin why are your clothes stupid? they're all STRAIGHT man's clothes nothing fun "well, you bought them" correct? no wrong gifts i buy excellent clothes but i throw away most of them cuz i get tired of them or they don't fit every year my weight goes up and down by at lesat 40 pounds really? really end of winter is always the worst I wore a pair of Calvin Klein jeans today...they are left over from the 7th grade whoa i was impressed with myself :-D thank god I kept them no shit why do you stilll have them? I had put them in the basement to sell at a yard sale :-p and I found them 2 weeks ago i want my goddamned bike you want a lot of things :-) when are you getting it? next fucking month what kind? yamaha virago 250 "cool...I have no idea about bikes, it could be as big as a bull or like a tricycle for all I know" I assume it is somehwere in between somewhere i am just waiting to sell my car you're not going to keep it at home? nah...it's not really mine it is my parents and I am not taking it to pilly and I don't plan on going home except at xmas i have to say even though it's a pain in the ass it's nice to have one with you in the ciyt well...I wish I had one but I am not sure it would be worth the cost of keeping it i don't think they are gonna sell it until after xmas so that I can take it back if I wanted to just to get you off campus penn can be a bubble law school will be worse since I don't leave the building so my future penn roommate abandoned me today what why? he is going to NYU he decided on a whim so what now so I will get a random one you got to pick? you can request one or get a random one you requested him? we had requested each other how cute why him? I knew him from the admitted students message board and we hung out when i was at penn and he was gay I would have picked NYU too ewwww never if I was him it's in New York I would have picked harvard fuck that Harvard blows seriously people from Harvard are awful i know...I found that out at admitted students day many years ago but you can't beat the rep meh you can you just need to be intelligent well...not to worry they told me to suck it the rep only gets you out the door "so I joined the ""fuck hls"" crew" in fact if you want to know the truth at least in social situations with your peers you'll be resented for having gone to a decent school and it will be more difficult not less peers being penn law students? or general peers in society general i know...some kid I was chatting with one night from philly decided he didn't want to talk to me anymore because i was going to penn exactly "and he said I wouldn't talk to him once I got to penn, so it was a waste of time" people in philly think Penn suckz ballz "i am sure they all assume penn kids are spoiled assholes, which might be a big majority" most of them are oh goody ;-) i need a shower k i'm going to wash my poor hair haha remember stitch from Lilo and stitch? yes of course well Stitch lives in my shower how so and when i knocked Stitch off and stepped on him haha and turned the water off whilst covered in conditioner and then turned the water back on which happened to be cold i still took the time to replace him in his usual spot hahahah...you are very protective how cute :-* god bless stitch that's so cute i'm glad he is ok and I'm sorry you had to suffer through that shot of cold water no worries it wasn't that bad i got a shot of cold water to the crotch when I took my bath it was very bad how did that happen? I was sitting in the tub and I thought I had it on hot and it was on cold and it hit right on my dick was the tub already full? no it was empty mental not e turn the water on before getting in well...I didn't feel like waiting ha but if I knew I was gonna lose 2 inches when the ice water hit it...i would have right not that I need those 2 inches...8.5 will be enough :\ 10.5 was too cumbersome enough i'm going to bed haha later no Satanic Verses tonight laters how are you? i'm well how are you? the same...working on a paper for jewish history i'm watching a terrible movie what movie? Miss Congeniality Turn to ABC and watch the Mummy Returns i can't my g-mom is hooked oh..Miss. C is a terrible movie btw right one of the all time worst Yes... I've never seen the Mummy Returns so I figured why not i think it's better than the first one? but then again the first one was eh I've never seen either until now how's it going so far It's pretty good...no Indiana Jones this involves the Rock? Yes...he is the Scorpion King Do you like Indiana Jones triology? sure aren't there four of them>? hmm...maybe there are Raiders Temple Final Is there another? hasn't been released well...that complicates me buying it Young Indiana jones ? eww That doesn't belong in the same class http://imdb.com/title/tt0367882/ i guess i always think of the last crusade as two movie s I am excited about the new one But I am excited about Troy more since it comes out next month Indiana is getting a little dusty yeah..I'm not sure he has that umph anymore the end is ridiculous "so app. he is going to search for either the fountain of youth, the spear of destiny, atlantis, or the garden of eden" what the hell is a spear of destiny it won't be the fountain of youth The spear that pierced christ and probably not atlantis and probably not that I'm just telling you what I read on something...they don't sound like very good ones brb k oh man i am burned the hell out tired? http://pmagal.home.texas.net/ yes can you believe that > ? dennis is washed up Dennis Rodman? yes I know He is pretty much gone He used to be dominant and now he ain't shit i wonder why ok i'm switching movies for one...dennis is old it was getting time to move on "but I would say he has plummeted rather than ""moved on" "shit, he was 37 in 1998" like I said...old as hell This movie makes me wanna be an archaeologist again "what does ""locked out"" mean?" tell me the sentence "Rodman is a locked-out NBA star who dabbles in pro wrestling, hair coloring and movies" Locked out....hmm...SOmething to do with his contract maybe He may still be tied to a cetrain team new movie which one? Suddenly Last SUmmer Never heard of it I was so shocked today...I was flipping through my Pay Per View channels and we have a gay movie channel now in KNOXVILLE? http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053318/ YES SIR that's insane are you sure you weren't tripping balls? not porn now But Gay themed movies I AM SURE :-P never have i heard of such a thing Yes...baby we get it like what kind of movies There was a gay docu and 2 comedies that I saw you ordered? no..I previwed hey hi Max howzit going? pretty good i got fired from apple for a weird staffing issue on damn! which only bothers me because I have to give my laptop back on monday "but, while I was going to wait until the next revision, i had to go order a machine" "so a refurbished 17 inch pbook will be arriving monday, which makes it all good ;)" very niiice good choice 2200 for the 1ghz one "little old, but i dont care about teh video card" i still carry mine everywhere i just read a review of omniweb 5 i think i may actually buy the release version oh yeah? its on macdevcenter.com are you still going to Japan? yah yah when do you head out? start july 1 i may head out there myself when? definitely call me do you speak japanese? around the same time i don't to travel or work? work for a year had the interview yesterday and another one on Tuesday for who? Teaching English for two different companies try to get tokyo yes that's what i asked for i'm really hoping it works out it would be great to hook it up if it does yeah do you need any software for your new machine? i may i dont think so let me know if you do yeah i really think I may pay for OW i really want them to be succesful their apps are great those are the ones worth paying for i'll check it out i'm gonna head out and grab some food take it easy k later holy fucking shit that screen is nuts did you get your new powerbook? yeah copying shit over congratulations i should have cleaned out my home folder first its copying 50 GB ha! dude too much porn and some movies i pushed mine up to 58 Gigs and it really slowed things down "well, i'm going to clean it out" i brought it back to 20-30 and everything was cool yeah its taking 2 hours?? thats bullshit i'm sending over firewire with fw disk mode 2 hours is unacceptable ha though i wonder if ethernet would be faster get a lacie with 800 on it um since they both have gigabit right perhaps.. you don't need a crossover cable i know are you moving the entire system? so much shit i could have gotten rid of "no, just my home folder" i didn't know that would work.. that's good to know have you read about the new revisions to the iPod? no what are they doing? i was going to ask you if you thought they would actually do it 50 gigs with a color screen for video i have no idea "yo, i really expect you to enjoy that powerbook" i'll catch up with you laters later finally using the powerbook in the dark very cool ha yes very it's one of my favorites i take it you're enjoying it? oh yes i think it needs more RAM though i'm getting swaping like i never did on the 12 inch "which had 768, to this one's 512" i got an additional 512 from Penn for like $100 i'd rather get a 1 GB chip put it up to 1.5 that would be nice if i can find one for not too much "yeah, i'm not sure the university has those" ever hear of sidetrack? hmmmm nothing comes to mind what is it? turns part of your track pad into a scroll wheel type thing "ugh, login window crash" how does the sidetrack thing work? "jesus, a 1 GB is 300 bucks" really? its a kernel extension yeah "but,. you can assign keystrokes, other things to taps in each corner" so tapping my top corners gives expose bottom left is command click - for browsing and bottom right is control click i'll try it out i just bought the bluetooth logitech mouse like yesterday but it's a little bulky to drag around "with this thing, i love my track pad" heh it's not like i use the whole thing anyway i kno its huge http://mywebpages.comcast.net/galactica/macvideo.htm ok it's past my bedtime ok have a good night know of any good site for desktop pics? mandolux.com do you speak spanish by any chance? main non no hm pe macworld spain wrote something up on a cocoa app i wrote years ago babelfish? my next step good luck max - whats up?!? sleep "Hey, what's up?" nm What's up? not much you? "Not much, getting drunk, trying to find someone to hookup with soon." where you at? Runnemede. send me your pic again stats? "6'2"", green eyes, brown hair." can you travel "Yeah, I don't have a place right to myself right now anyway." when were you thinking?| Soon I guess. what are you into? "I like to get fucked, I love to suck a nice huge hard cock, I like give rimjobs." You? i'll get into to all of that Are you a top? vers top "Could I see your picture again, it's been so long since we've chatted." "sure, what's your email?" do you have any more to trade? No I don't. It's malediva1@yahoo.com sent What do you like to do? body contact i like to bite some Bite what? "necks, hips" Oh. LOL gently i basically love to play with skin What's your type? I dig all flavors as long as they're well put together "Well, put together?" "yeah, like all the parts fit" could be body could be style could be music could be attitude OK. Where you looking to do something or not? what's your body like? "I don't know, I try to keep it covered at all times...lol. I'm not comfortable in it." I guess you're busy now. "OK, the least you could do was make a joke and then ignore me...lol." LOL sorry chief Not interested now? i'm just chatting it up Chatting it up? "yup, chatting with some kids over IM" "OK, I'll let you go then. Maybe I'll talk to you later, I doubt it though...lol." take care... i hope it works out I'll pretend like I believe that...lol. hey.... hi hi peshe hi i'm moving stuff what s up nada just wanted to say hi :P YAZOOZY :) :) gotcha let me go au revoir lol ok so you live with all str8 people? yes do they know? all my friends are straight oh yes i'm a rock star cool all my friends are str8 too i guess you're not out.. but I dont have any female friends no they all know oh yeah? good deal yep these fucking tease me all the time those fags wannabee ha that would tear me up have you a boyfriend>? not anymore the ex in PH? were you stationed there? no my last one was a Serbian Soldier in Bosnia we were together for 1 year did you break up because of a transfer? unfortunately "yeah, that blows horsenuts" how long have you been back>? few month are you enjoying the mainland? not really lol did you see any combat? "I dont know anyone here, just moved in with parents so bored as hell and so damn loney and missing all my friendss :(" oh yeah "wait, so are you out of the service then?" yes just got out by choice ? yes good choice what are you trained for? I do Military Intel oh fun I love it and I am damn good at it lol will you transfer into a civilian office? no I dont wanna do anything with Mil again I am looking for a job now "i mean, FBI or CIA or something?" nah fuck em NASA? nope I got an offer from NSA but I said no hmmm I wanna ENJOY life not hide again ok valid point although in that respect you're way out of my league why? i presume you have experiences wholly unlike some of the things i've seen interesting no doubt but that has nothing to do with me being out of your league heh I think i am confused I dont really know what you are trying to say don't be confused i'm saying why dont you just be str8 uo up well now i'm confused Ha lol be being out of your league is that bad thing? maybe for me not for you how so? speaking to your level dude LOL are you on crack or something? hahaha not at this moment just cause I experinced some horror in my life got stuck in land mine field seen little childern blown up that doesnt mean I am not like the rest ha you have to admit it's slightly intimidating or maybe not although extraordinary would be fair dude I went to Penn State a party school on the nation fuck nothing is imtimidating after that LOL TRUE penn was quite the hayride haha "you know what I was teaching the locals in Kosovo, Bosnia and Afganistan?" beirut? how to play Beer Pong lol right we call it Beirut why? I never heard it refered that way no earthly idea i wish i had a setup right now tho alrighty then i could go for some hahaha i set up a table at my last party outside cool no mess yeah so i just saw this intense movie and i think i'm going to put another one in whats that? I saw Hero "like Crouching Tiger, but different story" I heard about it cool worth seeing I wanna see Alexander is it out? I dont know I think so it sounds like it has decent eye candy yeah I cant wait to see Real World tomorrow no shit i had MTV on last night while i was sculpting and the clips look interesting yeah i'm a little bit sad i missed them I met the crue oh yeah? they seem awesome but the producers wasnt sure if we'de be in on tv how did you meet them? they were welcoming the troops back and I was one of the troops from Philly coming home but I dont think they are gonna put that on tv cause thats kinda confidential stuff oh yeah? yea did you enlist after high school? yeah but I am not a soldier I'm an officer hmmm i didn't know you could do that i had some friends at west point well I went to college first ah ROTC so how old are you now? 25 nuts what? that you're already finished with your commitment it took me seven years to graduate with a business degree time flys when you have good time ha no kidding so do you have a boyfriend? not for a while just dont want one? i didn't for a long time i'm starting to change my mind or at least i'm more open to the idea so you're just enjoying your single life? going out hooking up thats cool eh not exactly like that like i said all my friends are straight so there's really not that much hooking up plus i've been away a few times where at? first SF then honolulu my last bf was about two years ago what did you do there? right before i went to HIO HI i waited out the winter ha actually lol i started writing my thesis hence the seven years right I wish I could find one guy who would want more out of this life then just having fun all the time you mean like kids? no most of the guys I meet just want hook ups or being a fuck buddy etc... nothing else hmmm well i can't speak for anyone else but I guess being overseas especially in Bosnia and after seeing what happened there I dont want to waste my life on taht that i think it works for certain periods of life i don't think it is always fulfilling i'm not fulfilled by it but then again it's not really my take right to each his own I have some awesome friends but they are so wild wild? go go boys escorts porn stars etc.... fun I love them but I could NEVER live like that "yeah, my crowd out in san francisco was similar" ha you live vicariously? in what sence? "your friends all have this lifestyle, so at least you're exposed to it" yeah they love me back so its all that matters i used to be a wild child actually when I was in rehab many of my friends did they were all by my side good friends yeah what was your weapon of choice? well we dont really have a choice its whatever we get asigned to us ha sorry i meant the rehab are you talking physical rehab or drug dependency? now i feel stupid lol I was shot oh shit see there you go and couldnt walk for almost a year intense this happened in 1997 i was thinking you had a healthy crack habit no I dont do drugs anymore been clean since 1997 lol getting shot was the best thing that ever happened to me in a sence it transformed my life around but horrible time what did you learn from the experience? "sorry, wrong button" i'm back ok so yeah how many roomies do you have? 5 including me wow thats a lot it's always a party cheap rent though nice house you have your own room? yup I guess thats not bad nah i know everyone here too we were friend before we moved in together and none of them are gay? my best friend maria i guess you could call bisexual but she's dates boys mostly i'd like more gay friends it would make it easier to hunt yeah although most gay dudes i don't like so go figure I agree totaly I dont click with many of them and most of gay guys are VERY superficial and vain and thats just to sad "i'm pretty vain, but i'm not superficial" sometimes to my own detriment it's easy to be shallow lol I think its a turn off sure i'm not nearly as vain as i used to be... so that's an improvement "i guess by the time i'm 40 i should be normal, yet ugly" ha joke lol actually i wonder if it's vanity if you only care about your own opinion and no one elses probably even more so all I can say is whatever makes you happy for for it looking good makes me happy and it should you are beautiful guy only from certain angles lol from other's i'm just me and thats the best i'm satisfied with it i think that may be my out on relationships though i haven't run across a gay boy who agrees maybe they find you intimidating? that's pretty par for the course or maybe you just have a look that you dont want anything serious? but frustrating and stupid nah i actually fall into relationships really easily under the right circumstance s really it's anyone who says yes eh that's an odd way of putting it oh I c put it this way i've had 3 boyfriends in my life each of which just happened all of a sudden none of which lasted very long aww sorry all of which i learned from don't be i value the experience but thank you anyway I only had 2 serious bfs one was 4 years one was 1 year four years is beyond my comprehension hell one year is too yeah it was awesome I miss them all a lot or maybe just the sex? I dont know LOL nah them probably i find it difficult to keep sex interesting after a while unless you're willing to really play like kids actually the 4 year one was never boring we liked to spice it up in the bedroom so always hot times in what ways? oh you name it he was kinda on the dominant side so it would get wild good for you i like to switch it up a lot in what way? "toys, slings, props, you name it" the only thing i think i'm over as far as relationships are concerned are groups i'm too much of a jealous bastard i guess lol I never did groups I am very jelous type much better when you're single IMO I would kick their ass if they touch my man yeah my last bf insisted on threesomes because that was how he like to keep sex interesting but waking up to him with someone else was too much i went postal sorry man I could NEVER do that to me if a guy asks for a 3some it only shows that he is no longer interested in me that I dont do anything for him anymore "yeah, it was a pretty loose thing anyway i guess, in retrospect" i got kicked out of my house with him I dated this one guy for like 3 weeks so we were sticking together for a while on a 3rd week he asked if we could have a 3some I was like bye bye yeah i think i'd really love it if someone were that protective over me but it hasn't happened yet well I dont know my X didnt like that "he thought I didnt ""trust him" cause I am very very protective of my man hmmm to what extent? but he loved the fact I would get jelous if someone tried to hit on him he actually did it on porpuse to see me get all edgy that bitch lol heh i'd have to say it would be sexy in a way i think it would turn me on but then again then he would come to me and kiss me infront of everyone and call me silly i'd hate to be accused of something i didn't do nah he was cool he would tell whoever came up to him straight up that he is with me but of course some fags cant take no for an answer heh so do you go out in Philly? so thats when I step it and kick their ass I dont know anyone in Philly so dont go out much did you parents just move here? my parents moved here long time ago but I never really spent any time here ok do you live in the suburbs or the city? in NE Philly what kind of nightlife do you like? what do you mean? do you like to dance? bars? house parties? coffee shops? not really a dancer type I like bars house parties rock you should come to our halloween party if you're around the kids i live with are djs and throw a lot of parties around town we have a house party for halloween that is off the hook oh I'd like that alot i don't go to many straight bars because i'm definitely a dancer thats cool I like that but I cant dance everybody can dance I guess because in the Military we just learn to observe and protec so I am on the look out all the time LOL ha well after a while somebody needs to look after me because i tend to go overboard lol with pleasure my friends are great about that though they keep me walking thats good there are a few i think you would like a lot mostly the straight of the straight frat boys but not like animal house more like a country club lol biggest problem with them is they're pretty cute unfortunately "for some reason, almost all of my friends are hot" lol so are mine then i guess you'd fit right nin what type of guys do you usually go for? I mean what is your preference wow i'm trying to pick a certain one really if they're well put together then just tell me what you like iit makes me hot i love latins i like boys who are pretty cut i like a structured face i like small boys but then again i like tall thin boys ethnic flavor is always a plus accents are a real turn on as well as foreign languages cool I speak 5 ha compliments from uncle Sam give him my regards really and truely looks go so far and then i really get off on intellect but must come with looks well I am def not your type then unfortunately why do you say that? you know what though i'm much better about finding someone's inner light i see some really beautful things in a lot of people what I mean is looks wise I wont be your type but I have everything else you like after I was shot unfortunately my body went to hell with it I used to be very lean mean fighting machine but after I got shot and couldnt walk for so long doctors forbid me to do anything physical till my spine heals that was in 98? 97 will your spine heal? yeah doctors said it usually takes up to 10 years nice "not so nice, really" at least it will heal though hey you know what? what I rather be walking and being out of shape then being in a wheelchair i can understand that i'm not in great shape myself i was in better shape lol when i ate every other day I was captain of my wrestling team so I was hard ripped toned boy before every fags dream lol now just a nightmare eh i think you're as good looking as you believe you are like i know i'm out of shape but i also know that i look good so ... it just sucks man what kind of trouble does it really cause? you have had serious long term relationships "I found it to be hard to make friends, just as easy as that" gay people are very mean very true they judge you just by the looks which is sad i think it depends on where you meet them in a club definitely true in a bookstore eh anywhere man not so much I never had luck meeting anyone decent only luck I had was in Europe in Bosnia and Kosovo for example gay guys LOVED me I was fucking stalked lol ok so here in US no one even talks to me one guy said I look str8 or very intimidating which is bull shit was this in philly? yeah although I didnt have any problem in San Fran I made tons of friends in one week that I was there it was kinda sad to leave have you thought about going back? of course have you checked craigslist? for what? "jobs, houses, whater" whatevers people http://craigslist.com well I look for jobs in other means how so? just going directly on company web sites or recruiters etc... what types of jobs are ou looking for? something in Managment any field that I can get my self into and have use of my BA sounds like you have considerable experience and my language skills and international skills ha you could be a consultant thats what I want "hey, I need to go take a shower I just finished cleaning the house so smell bad from all the chemicals" ok I hope we can talk again soon sure hit me up you do the same any time ok if you're interested have a good night "yeah, i think you should come hang out" sleep well gracia would be awesome ciao laters "Hi, I found your screenname at ChatFinder.com" hi howzit going? "not bad, you?" "pretty well, it's a relaxed day" "yeah, beautiful outside" where are you located? nw nj just west of morristown "u in philly, right?" "outside, yes" in jersey cool so any plans today the plan is to do nothing of consequence :-) i have been trying to work on my photography - procrastinating "i'm sure if you enjoy it, you'll find something to photograph" i am actually developing pictures i am doing the old fashion darkroom thing you have a darkroom at your house? yeah in the basement good deal i've been in a darkroom a few times it's fun "it can be, but a little tiring when u have alot to develop" i promised my friend i would get her pics developed do you work in color? "B&W in the darkroom.. it do shoot some color, but it is too difficult to develop" i love b&w as do i what subject matter do you work in? i have been trying to do more portraiture but do landscape/cityscape stuff too i am actually going on vacation to the southwest and plant to shoot alot there i enjoyed New Mexico a great deal when i was there do you backpack? i use to... not that much anymore gonna hike a little so u have any hobbies hi hey who is this ? haha im sorry neocyde oh wass up sexy chillin where you at? at home doing hw in cc? so are you a top or bottom ? vers you? no i wish vers i live in elkins park but go to Upenn oh cool i graduated from penn cool i was up on campus today cool doing what interview in wharton nice so what are you doing tomorrow? i have no plans for tomorrow cool would you like to hang out sure i'll be around the house if you want to drop by i would love that where do you live at 1308 rodman wheres that lol between south and lombard right off broad st cool do you live alone? i have roommates how many 3 thats chill do they know your gay ? yes do you live at home ? yeah what year are you? in the summer i go 2 palm beach lol 3rd nice place to spend your summer who's there? my mom so what would you like to do when i come over :-P take all of your clothes off and go from there lol so is it cool if i come over tomorrow around 5ish "yeah, check with me here" i got to run brb ok aim me when you get back back hot still not tired lol nope i dont go to bed till like 2or3 and get up at 8 what are you doing comparing astrological charts what are you doing? watching tv in bed and talking to you :-P the girl in your pic is cute aww thanks do you have anymore pics?? sure do you? i wish i did but i dont http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jog http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg not found it said http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg try that cool do you have a cell # ?? 2679758514 cool so is it still cool if i come over around 5ish? sure. i may be covered in paint.. lol cool im almost done ok then i will walk down to see you yo im leaving i'll call you in a few seee you soon hi hi it's me from manhunt yup what's up i'm just watching tv you? looking at boys hehe ok so which one is your most recent pic? hmmm the one in the bath oh i like that pic hehe do you have any x rated pics? hm i don't think so at least hehe they're on tape do you? lol tape?? you recorded yourself? me and another boy hehe sounds hot yup he was very hot indeed where are you at? north philly you? cc cool so what are you looking for? somebody to play with hhehe nice lol perhaps we could meet up sometime sounds good :-) which part of centercity? 12 and lombard oh is lombard near market st? south st one above oh do you live alone? roommates oh but you have people over all the time? yup it's cool hehe that's nice so when are you free? i'm free now.. oh hmm probably later on tonight oo i wont be able to go out tonight how about fri night? i think i'm going to be on a boat to where? down the delaware I see that sucks ha! it's a party lol with music and beer and stuff well sounds like fun but suck that we wont get to meet up soon TRUE hit me up again on AIM heheh ok i will what is your name by the way? mikee like mikey? yup I'm myra hi Myra hello mikey :-) so do you work out? sorry i meant mikee* you there? ah ha now it works again weird what happened? when i tried to add you to my list hehe you didnt talk I see you went offline oh so not going anywhere later tonight? nah chilling here ahh got your emails on manhunt right don't know what's up with that that's odd but i'm not going to try it again lol are you able to add me now? wb didn't work lol that is odd hehe you could always message me on manhunt "yeah, i think i'll stick with it" hehe good enough hi hi myra what's up how's it goin? well you? good so what are you up to? chillin in my bed what's up with you just watching tv so when are you free? i'm free now aww darn hehe tomorrow? in the evening what was your screen name on manhunt again? neocyde you asked for more pic of me right? yup email qubit@neocyde.net ok sent cute thank you so you live in cc right? yup so what time do you want to meet tomorrow? i'll be online around 6 or so find me then ok you wanna exchnage no. before we meet up? 2679758514\ cell? yup 267-259-6328 cool so you live with a lot of people? 5 wow are they always home? nah ok hi myra hello how's it goin? decent sorry i missed you yesterday :-) i got caught up in dinner it's ok and scotch i was waiting for you to come online hehe but since you didnt i figured you prob were busy "yeah, my friend Maria cooked Thai food" aww i love thai food is she thai? nope italian hehe that's neat I dig spicy food and most thai dishes are spicy yeah good shiza so any plans for today? bath maybe the grocery store maybe a movie that i never watched the other day what you up to? nothing much just relaxing so when do you want to get together? wow you know lol the best way to answer that question is just to do it what is it? you know? lol umm i never know what i'm going to be up to i just do things I see so you dont plan ahead hehe nah i quit years ago lol even a day ahead? "nah, it fucks me up" an hour at most you have to have some sort of scheduel in you rlife lol or else things would be chaotic lol hmmm i guess I could wait to see you online this sat and ask you if you're free then i mean sunday right that's a decent plan :-P hey hi so lol how about later today? free? there's a few hours in the mid afternoon that might be open what are you up to? oh about to head to chinatown get a haircut so you wanna meet up somewhere then? perhaps i may be moving an armoire so i have to build around that oh and i'll find out more aboutit after lunch lol i see i know it's frustrating tommorrow is def going to be wide open hehe i think lol ok tomorrow is fine then you still have my number? yup k k i'm gonna go now what time do you want me to call you tomorrow? hey mikee hey what's up? just got home oh what's up with you? heading for bed so still free for tomorrow? so far so good ok cool when and where should we meet? here i guess. lol when are you free? i'm free all afternoon tomorrow so what time do you want me to come over? mid-afternoon ? that's good your address? 1308 rodman not sure where that is at hmm between lombard and south ahh ok iknow how to get there k around 3 or 4 is good? yup i'll call you an hour before heading there ok sounds good k goodnight :-) sleep well you too hey hi do you even remember who I am? Myra what happened last time? when we were supposed to meet don't really remember was a while ago right> lol it was since the summer i called you several times you never pick up the phone my cell phone is more like voice mail oh? yup usually when a guy doesnt answer or call on the day that I'm supposed to meet up with him hehe I tend to think he's prob not interested no idea really i get busy and forget shit it's cool so what's up? just chatting with friends about to go watch tv you? making a desktop background for my computer and thinking about going out cool how old are you again? 25 i dont remember oh so are you still single? nope i'm seeing someone hehe that's cool yeah i like it :-) have you been looking? lol not really i'm not ready for a serious relationship yet gotcha but when that time comes it'll be good I hope i'm sure if you know that you're not ready you'll know when you will be hehe yeah don't book anything to Key West anytime soon no? might be getting out of here pretty soon. BOB boat has failed and I thin they're going to move it to St Thomes shit going to St. Thomas? "dont think so. they'll ask, and I'll tell them to fuck off" you feel that strongly about it? they're dishonest and bad business people I think they fucked you over? going to find something else to do here. so you are going to try to stay? might get on a snorkeling boat down here that goes out a lot. would be steady money and a lot of fun I think i hope that works out for you Stacey (old boss) is up at John Deere today so I told him to see if they had any work up there i hear you and I met the Captain Morgan pirate and got a Jaegermeister shirt last night HA so at least there's that How is Kristina doing? really well. she has a friend staying with us for a week or so. fine with me because she filled the fridge yesterday Patrick's coming soon? "Patrick is flying tomorrow. haven't heard from him in a week or so, don't know where he is staying" i talked to him last week you all should have fun this week If you could stay in Key West you would? "I mean, you like it there enough to stay?" spring break down here is retarded. i spent all sorts of imaginery money last night HA yeah you like it there short term yes. long term no i guess that's why the Deere thing has appeal. could be a 'real' job for the future "yeah, but Noah, which do you like doing more?" "i'm pretty sure diving, right?" "that seems like the more ""real"" job to me" just need some stability. who knows? i hear that i'm interviewing with Patrick's company next week just to make sure i have something to do for the next year awesome Patrick has enjoyed it I suppose "Yeah, he's not the only one i know of" well keep me updated on what happens i think maria is going to drag my ass one way or the other "she had a little breakdown yesterday, and i had to promise that I would go with her on vacation" where ya gonna go? Key West i think i'd much prefer it if you all were there but it's cool if you end up back in TN i'll probably catch up with you there before I leave for Japan anyway I'll be in touch. think it's shower time. ok laters buddy laters Noah going to Japan any time soon? interview is on Thursday how are you doing>? ok I suppose. just bumming around doing some laundry did the week get any better? "no. they are done with the boat. they were going to run the rest of the month, but they've canceled all that. probably going to do some work at a dive shop down here this week" "yeah, it sounds like BOB is done for. The dive shop sounds good." hope so. been havin fun with Patrick and his girlfriend oh yeah? they're still in town? they leave tomorrow i think i'm buying a ticket to LA this week just for a visit always good to getaway somewhere "yeah, i've never been." ok i'm gonna go put together some lesson plans just seeing what's up i'll catch up with you later you too sorry. had to grab the laundry. have a good one Hi Noah happy st patricks day and to you you're going out? coming in. long day on the boat and a few beers afterwards. full day tomorrow diving boat? yup. tips are great on a dive boat vs the bob boat noah! yay! have two trips tomorrow is this a regular thing? "Kristina is teaching 5 resort courses at $50 a piece. could be a reguler thing, we'll see" yo i'm glad to hear that turns out i'm not going to buy a ticket to LA Maria wasn't allowed to take off work but i'm going to Boston tomorrow to live it up nice. might be better in the long run. should have been in boston tonight dude green beer fills the streets i didn't go on purpose but it snowed too i've got that interview on Friday trying to stay sober until then we'll see how well that goes Japanese Tone yeah ahhh-so domo arigato mr roboto. they'll love it time to eat. i'll talk to you later ok laters buy Hi Noah what's up? i've been out for days i smeel and i feel great what's up with you? enjoying the weekend? out partying? yes got the day off. might go back to sleep in a few the whole 9 yards oh yeah? how is it going? going alright. having fun and being poor Haha as long as it's fun ! pretty much. looking for other things to do as well. found a nice looking job in ATL that I applied for oh yeah? at Emory so my buddy Scott is going to put in for me oh sweet dude3 working for the university is choice dude it would be ncie to have something steady with benfits i'm going back to Oak Town in the first week next month http://emory.hr.emory.edu/careers.nsf/6139b1110a2550a585256d9900002f24/3ed411e07a8cf6c485256e150053e6ee?OpenDocument i will most likely not be in OR ha i'm going to take a motorcycle class nice/ I would love to learn to ride the right way. I'd kill myself trying to learn on my own heh yo it's a pellisippi i'm expecting the full course meal i want a helmet and training wheels I've seen some pretty nice looking Trikes down here al and i are trying to recruit mcbroom to drive us down to your end of the world hmmm... sounds like one hell of a road trip. come on down i'ts def on the list i got my tax return today! :D need an iron ass to come down on a bike free money HAHA i know ! but i'm not buying that crotch rocket shit i'm getting a Hawg you already missed bike week down here how is Christina doing? good. she out on the boat right now with some students. makng me some money hopefully haha "i'll come stay with you and pay rent in beer, how does that sound?" pretty standard. always nice ot have guests cuase they usually buy some food for the fridge haha you got it chief "anyway, time for nap. have a good weekend. go clean yourself up" LOL ok Noah take care you too "BAGHDAD?Spokesmen for Halliburton International announced Monday that employee Thomas Hamill will not be paid for the three weeks he failed to fulfill his truck-driving duties while being held at gunpoint by Iraqi captors. ""While we share your joy in regaining your freedom, we are forced to withhold your wages for the period of April 9 to May 2,"" read the official corporate reprimand, which reached Hamill in Germany as doctors treated his bullet wound. ""A disciplinary slip noting your failure to report to work has been added to your employee file."" Halliburton has not yet disclosed the amount Hamill is being charged for structural damage to the company truck he was shot in." awesome good god from the onion. pretty good fake news thouhg jeezus i thought that was real i was about to forward it I wanted to print it up and send it out it SOUNDS real nutz no shit might as well forward it on as real... haha have a good one. time for softball k chief enjoy random stupidity from Picnic Key over the weekend http://www.noahspitzer.net/pub_052404/index.html ppl you work with ? yeah. good day off looks ideal i guess nobody shaves in key west "yeah, I'm a bum" haha a happy bum tho maybe tomorrow morning... "nah, why ruin a good thing" shaving is a pain in the ass as are showers and alarm clocks no kidding. I shower enough in the water I guess "dude, were i in the ocean every day, you could forget about it" we're still broke as shit down here. looking for possible places to relocate to. anything promising? Kristina has a bunch of friends with connection out in Arizona. be a fun place to get away to "haha, where do ppl who live in key west go on vacation" yo if you leave before i come i'm going to kick myself in the teetch teeth "well, I think we'll make rent for June at least" you need help with that? not yet. convenient credit card checks :) "oh my, well, you know that you can always ask" haha we'll sell kidneys in peru what are you up to this month? you busy? not too busy. Birthday Wednesday so we're going to find some trouble Saturday I think oh hey hey gettin old right! feel it yet? joints just aren't the same... ha HEH i know it I'm off to bed. probably take a glass of warm milk and honey to keep the rickets away take care k chief sleep well good quick laugh before bed http://www.noahspitzer.net/bushpoot.jpg god I am currently away from the computer. Noah what up tone? not much homie how are you doin getting ready to evacuate. heading up to Ft. Lauderdale no shit who are you staying with? http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/ftp/graphics/AT09/refresh/AL0904W5%2BGIF/091818W5.gif have a friend Greg up there. has a nice apartment ha right the fuck over Key West is everybody headed out? mandatory non-resident evacuation today. probably full evacuation tomorrow no SHIT "well, call us if you need anything" we're getting out of here before the traffic gets bad. had to wait 15 minutes for gas this morning.\ meh will do. we have water and food for a few good idea good deal i'm at work what's your damn number anyway "nice, I need a new job. we're leaving Key West at the end of the month for Tennessee" 865-406-1287 let me know when you get back in town i may be back for thanksgiving but hopefully you'll be out by then? probably going to stay in Tennessee for a while. like to get an apt in Ktown oh yeah? you want to get a job at the beer company? hmmm.... perhaps let me know and i'll see if bob can forward you their openings I'm interested in anything at this point. never hurts to look i've got to call him anyway i'll put it on a sticky thanks. we'll have internet in Lauderdale as long as we have power. man i hope florida makes it. place is gonna sink yeah. Probably oughta get a gun and some ammo. Never run out of supplies when you are the best armed heh can't heklp the gas shortage http://www.keysnews.com/bp51178.jpg oh man tell me that wasn't full paper doesn't say I heard it was. the lady at the Circle K said it was their fuel dammit how the hell did it end up in the f-ing water that's why we need to get out of here soon. damn accident can fuck up traffic for hours take the ferry? hmm... too much shit to throw in the car "dude, you ought to just keep on going" pack your shit up and get out of dodge lose the ballast travel light yup. I'll talk to you later. need to go tie up the boat burn it all ok laters toodles Noah word up how are you Noah doing all right. the old War of the Worlds is on AMC. fun movie i should go rent it steven spielberg wants to remake it McBroom and his girlfriend are coming down on Saturday for 5 days. should be a nice last hurrah before we head back to TN oh yay some British guy just remade it and Spielburg is doing it as well take pictures i like his gf not that it matters muchh so you're back in the keys? haven't met her yet... will take lots of pics of course it's also a mini Harley week down here this weekend :) OO take pictures!@ i'm sorry i didn't make it down while you are there and how are you doing these days? won't be the same without you decent i'm going to flip my job soon i hope i really like living in the city again how did the gambling program end up working out? guess you didn't make the first billion but.... ha i have shares let them deal with it "last i heard they got 100,000 for a friend" that's when i left from keep your piece of the pie yeah the options were written pretty shady tho "we can buy them back at any time at any price we choose" w/e "my latest idea.... a sort of buddy list, but with geographical locations of all of the people you ever knew. if you were traveling or relocating, you could know where people are" good idea i always try to tell people need a zip code and contact number and then you could formulate a map I was up in Ft. Lauderdale and I hung out with a Club Med friend that I didn't know was there. just ran into them? heard from a friend of a friend when we evacuated up that way just think about it. I';ll try and have more ideas soon heh i definitely know how to run a small business now i'm like "why am i doing this for someone else?" http://www.cdi.org/Issues/NukeAccidents/accidents.htm fun nuclear links I think I want to become and oceanographer or meteorologist or something you'd be a great marine biologist http://balldroppings.com/ hmm.... balldroppings. shoulld I click this? heh yes http://www.noahspitzer.net/bushpoot.jpg I'll check it out HEH what a rube "fake, but good" "oh, damn" the AP doesn't usually use fart i bought it queef? download the top demo from this page. lots of fun http://meqon.com/downloadarea/downloadarea.php basic physics of lots of computer games. plus you can break stuff the 1.4 meg one got to open windows I'm going for a smoke. what's your phone number? 2155461642 Bacon! I went to Shoneys for breakfast. I feel fat mmmmmmm breakfast bar great shit. what are you up to today? bought Splinter Cell and a headset to play these fools online what's you with you kids? sitting at the house. moving into an apt next week. I spent all week at ORNL working in HR moving papers. they want me to stay on for a while so that's goiod hey! gubmnt job i need a damn job bitches keep calling me back for interviews and i'm like Man! I want a JOB they pay 15.66 an hour too. gotta get that money jeebus that's more than i've made in years so you're in the system? "yeah, through a temp service, but the woman I was working for likes me and thinks that I would fit in there well. who knows" need to pay off some credit cards so this helps good deal! really hoping someone in the apt bulding has an open wireless connection LOL what happened to the old lady's house? it smells old packrat woman oy fatty mcfatty bacon is good how is christina\ rented Super Size me the other day. pretty damn interesting she's good. Stacy hired her at Advanced Management so she's employed and he's a great boss we've got a copy floating around the house dig it haven't seen it yet http://www.noahspitzer.net/dog/buddy.jpg is that ginger? got a new dog last week must be a damn clone a puppy? year old yours or your parents/ mine Neat! what's he like? very smart so far. friendly and all that. not sure why he was at the pound did you plan it? been looking for about a month why did you pick him? didn't hurt he looked like Ginger. good size for the apt yeah where is your apartment? Rolling Hills in OR. Garden Apts Rolling Hills? Where's that at? Illinois and the Turnpike ah you have furniture and shiza? been here 3 weeks. looks really nice good deal can't wait to meet him you around here any time soon? eh thanksgiving showed up too soon not this year as far as i know cool. did a quick to Jersey over the weekend. friend of Kristina's was getting married. long fuckin drive ha that it is this weekend was crazy sorry i missed you i want you to meet Andy who knows. probab;y be back up that way sometime soon. who's this Andy my recently acquired boyfriend he's agreeable cool. how recent one week LOL agreeeable yeah as in really hot really really smart and fucking funny as hell easy on the eyes? you think i'd have anything less? jeffrey took pictures i'll dig one up when he sends them "gotta run for now, time to eat" ok tell Kristina I says hey in Oak Ridge fr any reason on Dec 23? mom's flying up here what's goin on? havin a party dammit who's in town? "mcbroom, kelly, ashworth. a lot of people are still around here of course" dammit just have to get down here some other time. I'm not going anywhere definitely Showdog Moms and Dads is nuts what is this that is so nuts? this show on Bravo aout the handlers for showdogs nuts is a 6:30am flight to Vegas tomorrow... no shit excellent. found bravo who's getting hitched? Bachelor party frat brother? "yeah, 12 of us staying at NEw York New York.... never been out there before" stay away from the slots ha go for the tables and there's all kinds of titty bars i bet and churches is kristina going? she went to arizona to visit some friends was that dog in first class? ha better be that bitch they were just jacking off some dog at the vets to freeze his sperm "using a ""teaser bitch" "damn, secretly would have liked to have seen that" yeah some are worse than others a van full of greyhounds..... ugh " I took mail order economics" how ironic Philly bitches! i took a field trip to the Arboretum for my GIS class. trees are fucking boring GIS? geographical information systems. computer mapping stuff you're back in school>? taking two classes at roane state for the hell of it. interesting stuff usually LOL dear lord oh yeah> Andy's talking about going back to comm coll for nursing the classes are worthwhile: ? my Mom had 700 applicants for 100 spots last fall in the Roane State nursing program.. lots of them already had degrees etc... no shit i wonder if he knows that they have to teach to the level. not fast paced at all. hard to have continuity going 3 hours once a week keeps me out of trouble two nights a week ha like there's trouble to get into in Oak Town: ? I found our Economics video from Davis's class we go get drunk at the Outback with Scott dressed up as the hangover man fake-beating chris forsberg mpg file? "and a cameo by Noah saying ""I took mail order economics" yeah in the works need to find a DV cam mine got stolen that sucks. at a pawn shop around there? nah it didn't work anyway jokes on them look at whta they're doing to this DOG! and I can't afford the dentist...... we took our dog to one of those dog parks. he wa confused but we got him to do the ramps and seesaw Heh Dude I found a dentist that doesn't have to have insurance 70 to clean teeth like 300 for a cavity? Bitch is in season I actually just got personal health insurance last month for ~100 a month. went to the dentist last week and I think they billed the insurance 150 bitch Nice! oh man this girl is crazy i want insurance i think i can get it through the national association for self employed i have an interview for a full time position at the lab next month Group Secretary for the Homeland Security group i guess you have to get a clearance? i don't think I want to be a secretary but I could do it for a while for insurance and 100% educational reimbursement. and the Q / TSI clearance if I can get it good to have I'm generally a responsbile person and I don't harbor any ill will towards the government. it's a detailed process though so I'm not sure "your record for getting arrested for drunk walking will likely come up, but then again my mother had a clearance, so i think you'll be fine" "yeah, the public intoxication charge was when Scott Friend was driving and he got his Q with the DUI" and he was dricing a top secret compartmentalized clearance ...... just no racing down bethel valley "so overall, things going well for you?" "boyfreind, $$, health, etc..." Liberace? so bad not me Liberace me punt the dog pretty good i've been so very broke even though i'm making a ton of money andy's trying to find a long term job i went to the gym tonight for the first time in months "they pay me 15.67 an hour at the lab right now. no benefits, but more money than I've been making and it goes pretty far in OR" no kidding that's more than i've made in a while i'm working as much as possible tho for a trip to Sicily/Rome at the end of April "yeah, I was making 25K in DC and that didn't go very far. living with the aunt heklped" Kristina and I are going to Club Med in the Turks and Caicos in May for a week. I probably know a few people that still work there and we'll get tto dive for a week mmmm i was thinking about you today reading Lonely Planet they should drop the loser dog out of the car going 60. that's what they do for Greyhounds that can't run about diving in Sicily LOL OH the sperm!!! oooohhh... ejaculate not you... and I thought I had a shitty day at work ha and she's crying did she wash het hands before the hug honest thank you for enlightening me to this show no problem that's what i'm here for ok bed time tell all i says hey have a great weekend Fab 5 time laters played with the new google maps? not yet but i hear great thing s maps.google.com has some amazing satelite shots interesting whoa fuckers the zoom and drag is soooo fast #NAME? so much for mapquest i can date a few of the pictures with contruction shots I never knew Y12 was so big ha ha i just looked up oak ridge their server farm must be retarded big dude sad it's only the US i wonder if they restrict this shit i had some pretty good shots from the carribean whoa and they watermark the pictures time to look for missle silos. check out different airports and you can drag out from the runway and see planes in the air i'm looking at boats around manhattan staten island can't be zoomed all the way in have you zoomed all the way out yet? you know what would be cool to have one that you can see at night "http://maps.google.com/maps?q=arlington,va&ll=21.811981,-72.233734&spn=0.248909,0.334053&t=k&hl=en" "http://maps.google.com/maps?q=las+vegas,nv&ll=37.64945983886719,-115.82061767578125&spn=0.11072158813476562,0.10334014892578125&t=k&hl=en" island I worked on nice water man wasn't meant to live in the desert wait so you can get other continents? ha it's easy to fuck up try going to a map over a european country not much detail in europe can't zoom past the 5th line up the scale LA is HUGE wait that's San Diego i think concrete jungle they need to do some color correction on their maps boats and airports are cool "http://maps.google.com/maps?q=san+francisco&ll=37.622337341308594,-122.37842559814453&spn=0.05536079406738281,0.051670074462890625&t=k&hl=en" nice plane with a shadow at SF airport "http://maps.google.com/maps?q=norfolk+beach,va&ll=36.962492,-76.419364&spn=0.007778,0.010439&t=k&hl=en" big ass ships. wonder if you can see the CIA where's the nsa "fort meade, md" don't know what to look for "Fucks up when you put ""Statue of Liberty" sigh fun with computers "yeah, I'm gonna go outside while I still have light" coming home for Ashton's graduation nice. early may? 16th i think "well shit, I'm gone the 14-21 of may. going divnig" dammit is K. going with you? yup. I'll talk to you later. dog needs to go out bye ug. i do NOT want hot dogs yeah only at bbq are you in school still? yeah im getting my masters my food is finally here yay! im patrick btw Mikee two e's nice to meet you the pleasure is mine well let me stuff my face but lets hang out in a little you got it hi again hey sorry i fell asleep earlier i *just* woke up myself i was like 'oh shit it's midnight' i know and im still eating lol! maybe you're pregnant? i might be. what are you up to just lying in bed talking to you trying to decide if i'm going to stay up or go back to sleep "what are you doing, besides eating>" watching saturday night live ahh.. is it any good tonight? its great old ones with cherie oterrie "oh, neat" she is so funny that she is are they on dvd? its on tv ok i've yet to put a tv in my room its worth it then you can fall alseep to movies i've got a few movies on disk that i can watch on my powerbook oh thats cool i do want an adapter so i can hook up cable tho what are you up to tomorrow probably going to the suburbs oh yeah whats out there my family my father's family anyway thats cool what burbs woodbury is like 20 min south of cc that should be fun i love going it's super relaxed i love going home too where does your family live? my dad is still in californaia but the rest live in villanova did you grow up in cali? yeah north or south south in newport beach ok southern california is still on my list i lived in san francisco love that city it's pretty great heh hey whats up would you like to talk face to face instead? we should yeah lets do you want to come over here or shall i venture out? you can stop by and watch saturday night live if you want sure but i'm coming in my pjs if that's ok with you im in mine so thats fine cool where to? im at 322 south 15 between spruce and pine ok gimme like 10 min cool im #4 got it cool hello Patrick "hey whats up, thanks for the happy bday" "ha, no problemo" how did you enjoy it? its was off the hook tons of fun :D no kidding anything in particular? "all around it was great, everyone that i wanted to be here was here, so it was perfect" that's a sweet thought i missed you on Drunken Monkey.. "ohhhh it might have been a good thing, was out of control the whole night" "heh.,, now i'm definitely regretting it" well after 8 its only through stories that i hear this PM or AM? lol actually both heh you're a piece of work are there incriminating pictures? no cameras no press allowed none i see "well, then it's a story for a round of drinks i suppose" TRUE i'll keep it in mind we all had fun...whats up with you sitting down to some decent food today was a quiet one last night we had friends over for thai and scotch nice i love thai oh yeah there's a neat place up near the gas station on walnut that's like whoa and you can bring your own bottle nice we should check it out sometime i'd love to go back that would be fun i'll keep that in mind too last weekend i fell off the face sculpting out in the suburbs it will probably be the last one for some time thats cool have you eaten? "yes all day, i was off" ok next time then i'm off. enjoy your night have a good one hi patrick hey whats up just walked in the door what's up with you? "nothing, very drunk right now" with friends? "no everyone left, great night though" me too want some company? too drunk for that gotcha want another drink? if i have one more we need to go to another state to get it i've got a bottle of Yellow Tail I'm just not worn out yet i feel like going back out me too but i think i should stay in oh come now no trouble for Patrick? i have already caused trouble at rouge and devon i want to hear about it come have a drink with me im trashed hahahaaa ok. no arguing the point i know too many drinks with the high school kids PATRICK "it was like we were back at the lunch table. chatting, gossip, cars, too fun" sounds like quite the show true since 5th grade complete with devilish looks and squeals of pleasure yes i had flashbacks. so where are they all now? went back home a little bit ago. some are married. and im sure all of our moms will be talking tomoorw at brunch laughing is more like it maybe a little groaning im sure i wil get a phone call tomorrow and what will the phone call say? ohhhh nothing bad just same old shit that we got in trouble before in school will you be up when the phone rings? NO "well, what are you doing right now?" getting in bed ok. i'm gonna go grab some food i think i'll catch up with you laters have a good one k back whats going on packing up are u at home now yup i've got video equipment all over the bed whats tom up to these days he's out out to what start his night or ending his night somewhere in the middle i think so mike yup what's up pete listening to some music u looking at porn thinking about sleep porn is verygood i like it i fucking love it 484 557 6844 no pressure just giving it to u cool our house phone only dials local and my cell phone is way over there by the window well i wouldnt want to make u travel out of your omfort zone all the way by the window i'm under the covers now. there's not much in teh world that could make me get up understood u still there barely "should i shut up, i odnt wanna be that guy" no worries i'll sign off when i'm done ok i'm done sleep well late hey hi what's up? not much just got in "i had to take my car home, last night sometime my car was vandalized" "someone took a bat to it, and its real messed up. one of the benefits of living in north philly right?" damn! wtf hah yeah "i had to bring it home, out in the burbs to my house, my parents are mad at me for it" i guess its kinda my fault i shouldnt have my car here at school with me eh still a bat? 2 weeks ago a car that was parked in the same spot as mine was set on fire i guess i was lucky itwas only a bat christ that was maybe your clue haha yea wat u doing tonight "sleeping, most definitely" you got plans? yeah waiting for a friend to get here to work on a project "by the way, im pete" this i know oh really i was drunk last night you must have been more wasted than i thought so i know we talked but i odnt know what exactly about i've got the conversation saved somewhere why iChat automatically saves them not sure what it is but ok AIM built into OS X on a macintosh im not a big computer/internet guy friends here gotta run man "hey i know your away, let me know what your email address is so i can send you my pic. mabye we could hang out sometime later pete-" YO hi whats up not much waking up what's up wiht you waking up too actually from a nap just ate a small dinner with my roomate cool what you up to tonight? going to my roomates frat house to drink with some friends you? i have friends in town from all over so i think we're getting wasted "nice, yeah alot of my friends from home are coming down tonight should be fun" good deal yea yea so we should hang out sometime "oh man, that would be fun, but i'm seeing somebody now" thats cool yeah i'm enjoying it thats cool always a good thing yo howdy hey i'm mikee aka neocyde cool what's up? i think whole foods is calling my name i want crusty bread and stinky cheese what is it that you're working on? hehe sounds great a paper a paper on? Amorosa visione medieval love vision by Boccaccio what is it you've gathered by reading? 5 organizational structures based on the 5 medieval psychological faculties have we developed more psychological faculties? haha some say yes some no well let's start with what we've got lay it on me i can't explain it all now likely too busy putting it in a paper but i may hold you to it so be prepared ok i'm off happy study catch you later hi hi u single yup me too same so what are you up to now naa nada you? besides talkin to you not a damn thing u got a face pic yup one sec ok http://neocyde.net.smile_small.jpg what u feel like doin where you at? lower bucks too far u got a place nah i might go to woodys 2nite enjoy it i got to get up in the morning ok i'm off take care hey whats up not much chief chillin like a villian what kind of food did you order? chinese where do you get it from new south china. why you hungry i could eat.. haven't had much yet today i feel like i have been eating all day my friend maria said the same thing about yesterday the collective consciousness must be hungry hold on one sec k k so did you do anything last night oh es yes went to a party on a boat and then went to a housewarming party that lasted until five and passed out with some boy in a doorway the crowd didn't leave before we got to tired to do anything hence manhunt sounds like a good evening i enjoyed the hell out of it i'm sure there are incriminating pictures somewhere always are i think thats why im eating so much today to soak up a little bit more alcohol what were you up to? "had people at my house, went to some party somehow ended up at pure then back at my house again" ha fun times i love throwing parties it was up a little too late but had a blast ha right? i think 5 was as late as we went then got up at nine and walked back from the northern libs long walk decent for the morning true it is nice out i haven't done much exploring north of market it's pretty nice in parts yeah they have some nice houses dammit it's cold in my room so you just hanging out today i guess i should put some clothes on yes pretty much i've been walking around some but maybe a movie after a while that sounds good what have you got planned? "nothing really just want to relax eat, hang out" did your food show up? soon i hope or im going to kill some one heh "well, now i'm hungry too" this requires movement to the kitchen i think yes im dreading walking down the stairs when the food comes thank god for wireless "ok, i feel accomplished" i now have on pants and have moved from my bed we're handing out awards thats funny i made the mistake of putting scrubs on so i will be in them all day oooo scrubs are super sexy and comfortable as shit they are thats my uniform you're a nurse? yeah ER? hopefully in may i will move there my uncle was in the ER for many years he had some Crazy Fucked Up stories to tell yes its amazing what i see everyday what ward are you in right now? coronary care unit hmmm... is that like post op? yeah i bet the patients are nice? some are others are some old mean people ha heart trouble is a bitch my uncle just had open heart surgery really its nno fun "yeah. it was rough for a minute, but he was at Johns Hopkins with some superhero doctor" so he's now just trying to get rid of the fluid in his lungs thats a great hospital. fluid in the lungs does happen a lot "i met a boy out in honolulu that worked in the physical therapy center, and he says to me that his job was basically to bathe all the high school football players with broken whatevers" i was like :o i need to transfer ha no shiza brb hey hey you still up ha drunk as shit what's up with you my love oh my...not to much sweety... takin it easy i hear that i been takin it not so easy went to see krush tonight and then went to the philly afterhours gay spot beat as always doing pretty well considering and hey your new album on yahoo is worth consideration no shut krush played he did i had my own little corner it was fun hehehe too much cuervo same old anthony ha i suppose i love it you seen my new pics? yes i miss you my aol account got deleted so i have to make a new homepage with geocities i miss you tooo love wow from shaved head to long hair love it def so listen i have a boy over but i'd love to talk to you soon i really love you brian i'll see you soon hehehe ok go get em tigger good christ. i'm tired. that's a decent pic you sent yo yo yo hey lazy ass what the deal I'm playing right now online? "nah, just on my own" I need to get a lot better I tried online whatever got my ass kicked how far have you gotten not that far the only way to get better at online is to play online "yeah, yeah" bitch what you doin now? you were the one who was givin me shit let's play let me get to a check point brb orion 707 aiight hold on... where you at? which eastern lobby hold on jules_diggity ready where you at? adding you to the list invited yo where you at yo what up? can you change my password on your system to..... what you want umm sirius "ya, one sec" done werd thanks what you up to? movie/chillin' time "time"" likie nap ""time""?" "who knows, i'm exhausted from last night" haha what are you up to? werd... i went out last night as well chillin at my friends place "nice, any big plans for the weekend?" not that i'm aware of you? "nothing really, just trying to do a whole lot of relaxing" nice "yeah, i think taht's me too" you working at all monday or tuesday? yeah why not nothing else to do yo "ya, i'll probably work one or the other" i started scratchin out the specs for the student login i decided we should do a login based system oh ya relying on penn email addresses only did we already talk about this? "no, not yet" that's probably a good idea eh yeah... then also allow them to see their payroll just like the SER that would be hot very simple availability interface create or delete only sounds good expires after 30 days or so anyway we'll talk about it later sounds good take it easy should be a nice addition laters sup nm you? same now jus got off work long time never chat wit u u still up in the mainland? yup i been around i bet hehe how you been? good. i'm checking out this site i just found bigmuscle.com what is it? it's like a bulletin board for ripped guys they post their pics there ic ic. naked ? some yeah neato so its jus for anyone to post pix. das all yup and how they work out and shit koo what's new on O'ahu? umm same thing for me gettin bored though with the gay scene here you no find a cute boy to love? lol no more heh when you come to the mainland and visit the rest of us? heh when i get good enough $ you got your webcam on? no its not on i'm going to put in a movie kewl what movie Easy Rider never heard im guessin porn ha not quite you know dennis hopper? no im only 21 lol http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064276/ aiight sexy ima hele for a bigt bit* ttyl laters hi better its matt from gay.com Michael nice u have any other pics? yup may i see? let me find a few ok http://neocyde.net/art/better.jpeg is ure hair that long? longer oh ha i thought it was shaved? it was for several years i started growing it back out when i got back from hawai'i oh http://neocyde.net/art/smile_small.jpg ok well check it out one of my friends is going to drop by and check out some art so i guess i'm tied up for now ok ok later yo it's neocyde you there? here what s going on? nada chillin i am located at 4407pine street apt 3 what's your cell? have no phone right now just moved into this place but i am for real bro not into games aight cool how long? i'm going to head out here in like 5 should take me maybe 20 minutes to get there is that cool? cool ring the bell for apt 3 and i will come let you in k i'm mikee joe fuck it my name is jose i just say that to people cause its not a lie jose is joe in spanish even better now u got my real name so u better come ha i'm on my way see you soon ok cool phoenix "oh, thank you, lol" it's not even done yet...that's just like the main theme/verse/refrain/blah blah when did you begin composing? hmmmm...... HMMMMMMMMMMM....I suppose in high school "but, I don't seriously compose..." This was cool! http://neocyde.net is my site i'm more of a graphic artist do you play an instrument? damn yo! "Not really, but I sing, and am familiar with piano" now i definitely want to hear you sing DEFINITELY oh jeez... lol "hopefully, we'll become good friends and i can hold you to it" or catch you in the act lol your art is intense... who's this in figment? my second bf Hmmmm... you could make something great outta dance... ever think of making music for dance and then creating a piece of visual art based on the dancers dancing to your music? i've made music videos with a friend of mine however none to my own music yet you're actually maybe the third person who has ever heard it i stopped composing when i was 12 and just picked it back up again wow however you're like a prodigy... as i was saying before i'm completely mad for dancing seriously Have you ever danced before? oh yes not schooled but i was quite the party kid my best friends are all amazing dancers by coincidence really not trained dancers I pressume some yes some no oh? yup Where do you live now? in the suburbs about 20 minutes south of cc I live in Reading myself I commute i'm told reading has a decent population of boys in it meh...they usually leave and go somewhere else Reading is more ghetto than philly and more dangerous I'm not kidding i ride through Camden several times a week west philly is practically a country club That's an amusement park compared to Reading oh ha (camden that is) i see well "you keep in shape, lol?" LOL i do yoga i'm satisfied with myself You look like you have every reason to be :-[ ? what's that for?? why the frown? (HUGS) ? it looks like a blush on my comp LOL OH the blushes I always thought look so said...more like 'shame' than 'blush' FOR SHAME haha have you any other pics to share? hmmmm... not really... "not now, anyway" hmmm... that's cryptic ? cryptic??? yup (blink)? How so? it's a nonspecific response left open to further investigation "well, if we get to meet we won't need them, lol" TRUE only if you promise to sing "AW, lol" "well, ok I guess" "when would you like to meet, lol?" let's start with where "well, I'm working at the school like I said...somewhere in CC?" "my office is on 16th and walnut, i'm there a couple times a week" "oh, gosh, that's not far at all" "The dance office is located on S. Broad and Walnut, lol" ideal where do you shop? shop? as in...? "clothes, toys, accessories, materials... etc." hmmm...I really enjoy south street will you be in your office tomorrow at all? "wow, i hadn't planned on it" lol "just asking, cuz I'll be at mine tomorrow" when are you free? tomorrow? when tomorrow you mean? sure When's good for you? Monday LOL i have family arriving tomorrow for the weekend unless you'd like to come to a party at Fluid tomorrow night hmmmm...I don't think I have the money to stay late...:( "I'm sorry, lol, I have to be really responsible for now, it really sucks..." oh no worries I just don't want you to think I'm a stingy bastard LOL please don't worry about it i completely understand ok lol "I'd love to get to meet tomorrow, but if monday is better, what the hay" will you be on AIM? should be great if i'm in the city i'll find you otherwise my # is 267.975.8514 saved mine? 610.763.4382 thanks Ricky :) "Now, do I pronounce your name like 'Mickey' or 'Mikey' ?" Mikey only it's Mikee right :) cool I wouldn't mind hearing from you tomorrow if you want to get in touch haha i'll call if anything but you *must* sing LOL "I'll sing in person, lol" deal ok i'm going to rest enjoy your night I'm going to bed too... Have a great rest :) (HUGS) sleep well and thank you (how tall are you?) LOL 5'6 cool you? :) 6' k "lol, thanks, hee" Checkyalatah!!! laters hey dude hi Ricky what's up "not much, how's the family?" "they're well, all out at a wedding" i was in your neighborhood last night and will be again tomorrow or tonight i guess came home to rest off the hangover how was your night? You were in Reading? "It was alright, restful" oh haha not reading South Philly "CC you mean, hehe" yeah and right next to Uarts :) what a kicker! what did y'all do last night? "i played Beirut with my cousins and got really wasted, and then I went to Fluid with one of my best friends and we danced our asses off" Beirut? Beer Pong "Ah, I think I've heard of it from my friend, lol" it's a LOT of fun i didn't play so much in school but we have a table here and my cousins are REALLY good it's kind of like a fratguy thing to do what are you up to tonight/ "I dunno, I'm home in reading today" "you going with your friend to party, right?" YUP birthday party :) i made a movie yesterday a movie? yup a short film it's a little freaky tho haha http://neocyde.net/gettingclean_medres.mov ....ok... What motivated this...? um there were these self-portraits that some friends of mine were putting up on a message board and i had waited because i had nothing recent so i made a video instead of a photo and this is what it turned out to be i started at like 9 yesterday morning lol had no idea what i was going to come up wiht "Well, we do now, EVERYONE does, lol" what did you use to make this? final cut pro i've watched it like 30 times i love it You just like watching yourself :-D haha some yeah but i'm a little amazed that it turned out that way everytime i watch it i see it a different way it's like postmodern video haha nah that would be making a big tv frame and doing stuff inside of it oh ok lol I'm being stupid "So, whatcha up to now?" laying in bed considering another nap "hell, go for it" i think i might just when's the party? prolly go around 10 or 11 how long will it last? wow i'd say until people start dropping from exhaustion i was up until 5 this morning with the same group of ppl LOL have you made plans? today? for tonight>? I don't think so k i think it's nap time i'll catch up with you later "Okay, Checkyalah!! :)" pleasant dreams! thanks :) whassup fool? workin yo there you are yay it worked next time i go out i'm going to see if you're there you i've got to see yo check this out: http://neocyde.net/art/goth2.jpg i made that for a friend of mine thats hot "yeah, your name reminded me of it" how? darkfallenangel http://neocyde.net/art/judged.html that's actually a porn star that i also made for a different friend o0o "aight, well enjoy yourself tonight" i'll catch up with you later hi hi what'up not much chillin what's up with you same here bored where u at i live in Cc right now i'm in south jersey oh ok levittown here where did you move from? pittsburgh for? work yeah what are u up too watching the news you? nm at all where u at south jersey better i'm signing off g.com ok kewl i wonder if our paths will cross? how long will you stay? did i lose you? got to love dial up "oh, ha" ok Ryan i think i must retire i hope that this isn't the last we have sleep well you too night "what's up Ryan, you still in Jersey?" till weds kool i just got back yesterday what you up to>? talking to gays online "oh, ha" i just jumped in that room do you still want to try to get together before you leave? there's this great place a short ways from here that has the best pie i've ever eaten "well chief, i'm off to play PS2" enjoy the rest of your stay who is this! michael who is this? sucka hey ! are u FUCKING OK? HEY!?! what? Teri? are u ok? yeah aight jeebus just want you to know that I am worried about you why? slim shady me shady? a bit but when you're ready to talk I am here I don't htink I'm shady ok ur stinky tho... I just don't feel sociable ;) k unlike you but ok u don't have to explain anything I just want you to know I am here if you need me well....things have been touchy I see that I would have to be an idiot not to I just wanted to tell you that if you need to talk I am here and so is we s you can talk to wes if you need to well - I think I'm just fine cool good "just in case, Ter-bear" it's just Al that isn't baby bird girl fuck Al and in a relationship - sympathy pains can be worse I did - this morning :P good!~ but maybe you should consider al's issue I can't not care about his issues....but it just sucks one between the both of you if he has an issue you BOTH do... no? right right so I care about you "so that's why I can't just say ""fuck Al" ;) I know joking oh lol I just wanted you to know that if you need to talk I M all ears :( it's hard to enjoy him when he's upset about life all the time "and his escape is alcohol, football and video games" and they are not mine at all hmmmm tell u something? on the way to work today I felt the cool breeze yeah? and I stuck my hand out the window and it felt good between my fingertips real or metaphoric o real good I asked Al to stick his hand out and feel it too that kind of experience "he looked at me wierd and said ""I'm driving" and I was sad how do you explain something like that to a guy who would just think it was stupid...? awww u don't my gradmother said you can tell a lot about a person from things like that he has to appreciate them on his own but listen I hate to do this but I gotta run I wish he could see that those things are important I wish he could do yah yah - everytime I start talkin... but he's too preoccupie I know shithead I am I'm thinking about moving out I'll find you again I love you but I think that's a good idea I will miss you and having you around but I think moving out would be the best way to save your relationship b4 you are forced to move out but I gotta run call me tonight if you can I will be moving Burc but I will answer after 9pm xoxox smile u are great despite all of this... got my check from the RIAA yesterday you got a check? for tipping them off? for the price fixing oh shit! you sent me an email about it last jan where's my check! how much! $13.86 damN! i want my check ! that's like exactly how much I owe Blockbuster "yeah, well whatever address you gave them last jan, it should be there" i'm gonna call them tomorrow and harass them about it a little legal threatening never hurt anybody tell me you're going to use it on something other than music? "yeah, I bet the lawyers to an insane cut on this one" I'm using it for food and beer we could make a commercial about it i'm a little shocked i didn't think it would work? "the check is from Fairbault, MN" "yeah, it work, they really lost the case" evil lies in the midwest "well, hey, thanks for the news" imma gonna be stalking me some lawyers "yup, that's always the email that comes up on my computer when I sort by name" because your name is ...!... for some reason ha for THAT reason heh is it spring break yet? yes we're going wild food and beer? courtesy of your local music monopoly? "yup, except my bank has no branches in my neighborhood, so I have to wait to deposit the damn thing" take it down to your local CheckIntoCash with all the other negros in fact you could probably just take it to the grocery store and buy 40s "yeah, I like 40s" one of the unwritten benefits of living in the city College for the Home-Schooled Is Shaping Leaders for the Right i saw this. it's really scarry they keep them in cages and taunt them with sticks it's a cult is it considered a cult if it's a still a major religion? and they're running the country the New American Century http://www.newamericancentury.org/ these are not your future Peace Corps volunteers just down the street from me what a happy place that must be is jerry falwell involved yet? "you know, statistically, these are also the people that are into BDSM" and mass murder genocide godhatesfags.com dan quayle? i think the inability to spell is a taletell sign hooked on phonics "why would they even claim him, even if he was a supporter" "don't try to understand, just kill on sight" John Ashcroft is more their style and look at what God did to him made him feel like a woman in labor for a few days I bet he was home schooled no doubt by pentecostal werewolves "although, it may just be the New York Times' way of scaring us into voting" i mean hopefully are there really legions of homeschooled zealots massing out in the midwest? "no, but they're running the country" "no no, all those fools went to andover" that's also true you know what's worse? then they went to Yale maybe they are just keeping the true believers around for show grassroots legitimacy it's republican diveristy "white, but not rich" yup I got scammed into feeding my friends cat while she's in the bahamas good luck getting your check thanks Happy Easter "just so you know, you've been nominated to drive me and al down to noahs so we can all sit back and reconsider our careers" i'll pay for gas catch up with you laters McBroom tone! congrats on the thesis Thanks chief and to you for the law thing haha "yeah, weird huh?" very surreal we're old and shit "well, I still gotta pass the bar" details details you're taking it in New York>? yep lovely albany ha feel up to the task> ? I guess most lawyers are morons anyway LOL "well, then you should do quite well" hey are you going to be in DC for the summer? yep really. my aunt wants me to come housesit in Vienna at the end of June or first week in July "cool, you've got all my contact info, I think" yup just wanted to make sure you'd be around and not sitting your ass out at the lake "no, hopefully I will be sitting out on our new roofdeck" but it probably won't be done by then oOoO crosses fingers well i'll set it up then looking forward to hanging out "yup, dc is really nice in the summer" if a bit hot and if you get here early enough you can take part in cicada mania was home in TN last weekend... talk about hot "my new apt has a/c, which I am really pleased with" when did you move? about two months ago nice new condo my roommate bought oh sweet bastard is still making me pay rent though HAha somebody's got to pay his mortgage yeah "alright, well I will pencil you in for the end of june" good deal take care adios "tone, where are you coming down to dc again?" "plans got changed. was going to come last weekend of this month, but my aunt found someone to take care of the dog" I feel like you said june "oh, ok" there's all sorts of shit going on here i have to take care of what are you up to? not doing my bar review homework that's about it i've put most of my trips on hold until i can figure out if i'm moving back into the city or not but i may just say fuck it and take them anyway philly or new york? PhL did you walk for graduation? just in 2001 no need to again "oh, I didn't know you did it then" yup got the pics to prove it ha different dean that's craziness but hey when is your bar exam? july 27th and 28 two days it takes? "yeah, it's really going to suck" and I have to go to Albany HAHA that was my next question although better in july than january "yeah, and better than August in DC" but it's still a 6 hour drive and the hotels extort you there will be many of you? 10k wtf "10,000 new lawyers?" "hmm, that might be nation wide" k I should check ha k chief i'll let you know when this sordid affair sorts itself out and i can travel again "ok, I'm here through at least august" and then we're heading to the caymans "caymans, north korea, wherever" i'm told Home Depot thinks china is a $50 billion market for them "well, those huts need improvement I guess" the plumbing alone would be a mint are those glowsticks? yes! mcbroom you have glowsticks shoved up your mouth is that you? "yep, I am doing the glowstick walrus" is that like the raver penguin? or perhaps this an Argentinian macarena? "I dunno, it was at a bar crawl, I did onion ring harry potter too, but I don't think we got pictures of it" <snort> better luck next time "what do you think of this costume, it's calld Hellvis?" "what's up with you, besides the new crack habit?" Hellvis. LOL i see where this is going what are you doing for halloween? i'm having a party at my house on Friday night want to come? "perhaps, I got one on saturday up here" in DC? "yep, what is your email I will send you the evite" qubit@neocyde.net "i'm going to put on some curlers, and a night gown, run some blood down my legs, and call myself ""Raped." cute! and cheap! plus a little ducktape mebbe HoS? these are kids you went to school with? "these online costumes are pretty cheap, most are under 40" did you send me a pic of Hellvis? i didna get it it's at my roomate's girlfriend 's house ahh I send you the link I sent you the link got it that's kind of a neat little service by the by the costume place? the evite "yeah, I wonder how much they're making on that" you got an evite for your party? ha we're not that fancy word of mouth? it's invite only tho prolly 100 or so ppl at my house in philly "well, if I find a kick ass costume I'll try to make it up there, might as well get two days out of it" heh do it bring your girl bring JENNY bring everyone it will be an all night thing and you can stay at my house in jerz or in phil potential girlfriend costume ? you not getting the links? nope i'm pirating my connection and behind some stupid firewall i think http://www.fredericks.com/product.asp?catalog%5Fname=Holiday2002&category%5Fname=Costumes-Fun+and+Flirty+Costumes&product%5Fid=92188 ok got that ha as long as there are garters and hey! that's cheap! http://www.buycostumes.com/ProductDetail.aspx?ProductID=10536&PCatID=&ccatid= "yeah, all the shit on here is cheap" if you go to a costume store they really will rape you oh my why didn't i think of this sooner Hellvis it is you think it's good? i think it's *unique* the plus size version already sold out LOL oh mcbroom too much "yeah, there are going to be some large hellvis's out there" hellvii I was trying to get the girlfriend to paint herself green and go as night-vision paris hilton are you going to be the infrared rick soloman? "Maria wants to be Althea, but she has no Larry Flynt" this is going to be the first halloween that I plan ahead you're pretty on the ball you have to order pretty early or they screw you with shipping any leads "well, if becky is the cop, I could be jailhouse elvis" http://www.buycostumes.com/productdetail.aspx?productID=12233&PCatID=adultcostumes&ccatid=adultpromo6 look at the porker! i dunno which i like better honestly "yeah, I bet all those plus size pics are funny" you mean the red or the jail or the regular or the fat? hellvis or jailhouse oh my god http://www.buycostumes.com/productdetail.aspx?productID=12224&PCatID=adultcostumes&ccatid=adultpromo6 whoa diesel how cum she gets a number? "it's a scale, she's holding it up to show how much the costume can hold" LOL dude seriously consider coming up for the party. it would be great to see you i'm going to head to target you got an email you're sending out or anything that you could forward me? i'll get something together ok take it easy later Hellvis? "hmm, I think I decided against elvis" mcbrew "tone, you get my email?" hmmm just this very minute dig it come "cool, where do you want to meet up" my place is real easy to get to but i can meet you at like 30th st if you think that's easier or city hall what time are you done with work? tomorrow? prolly around 4 "oh, no today" are you not working today? today i ain't doin shit nice "ok, I can just meet you at your place then, if that's cool with you" sure! whatd's the address 1308 Rodman St i can give you directions what time were you thinking about coming? "I was planning on leaving here pretty early, hopefully around noon" ok so if you take 95 to 76 and get off on south st where the university of PA is take a right over the bridge follow South St from like 25th to 14th which is Broad St The same street that City Hall is on main drag through town take a left on broad the very next right between the block is Rodman I live at the end of the block we can park your car after you get here ok 267.975.8514 "awesome, that's cool that you don't have to work, we should go to happy hour or something when I get there" sure! i'm drunk right now lol went out last night nice to some crazy ball thing how was your friend's party? "good, my costume was a big hit" what did you end up with what's your email? a big heart qubit@neocyde.net ok i'm running to the hospital joey broke his foot Call me when you're past baltimore wait wilmington "um, ok" yo. call my house phone when you get here. my cellphone is sketchy when it comes to ringing. 215.546.1642 ok "tone, this sucks" http://www.boingboing.net/2004/11/03/kerry_concedes.html hi it's neocyde aka mikee from manhunt? yes ok cool u got anymore pics? ps. i'm going to bed soon lol sure you? http://www.thedilly.com sn: I_Drive_BMW 9 pics on there have to be a member i don't havce pics saved on this comp b/c it's new what's your email? ScreamShatter@yahoo.com gives me some kind of apache error hmm send your pics here and i'll copy and paste some oh...wait...i'm getting an error too site is under construction i guess sent haven't gotten it yet i'll give u pics ASAP i still haven't gotten it sure u sent to right place? hmmm it bounced lol i'll send again ScreamShatter@yahoo.com sent again where you at? art mus area ok i'm in gborhood fun...black town now lol what happened? i came back from summer and it's all black there now did it go through? no idea yea...cute man i spend a lot of time with straight ppl me too i don't go to gayborhood much but i went there for pizza "and was liek ""shit" ha how old r u? 25 you? 19 heh hehe so what's up i'm fallin asleep for real not much me too you want to come sleep with me "lol...sorry, not tonight" np i really looking for more of a relationship most guys aren't "yo, i com pletetely feel that" i spent two years on my own by choice "yea...i've been ""single"" for 2 years...give or take a few months" what would be your ideal introduction? "adopted, bisexual, vegaterian gymnast" lol there's 4 words good for you i have been two of four gymnast and bi? lol bisex and veg fun if you count yoga then gym i came out as gay when i was 15...then i realized i liked girls still...dated a girl for 7 months when i was 17. been a veg since 1993 hear that your turn...introduction wise what would you want from me? i don't like that question answer what u want to answer ha says a lot about a person i'm a grad of Penn hahahahahahaha i'll add u to my penn list i'm an artist as well as corporate corporate meaning wharton? yes i was at penn twice today...a lot of my friends go there management oh god...you're a whartonite please spare me it was forced i was a joseph wharton scholar what's that mean? honors program "<--- from Charlotte, NC...didn't even know penn was ivy until last year" "i grew up near knoxville, tn" fun go vols i went to nashville this ummer summer hehe never been to opryland too many times to dolly wood i've been to dollywood once noshit so what do u do now? for a living? this will determine if i keep talking to u so make it interesting even if it's lame ;) *coughs* kidding heh i am the comptroller for a fashion designer in manaynk i am also looking for a position at the university so i can have decent benefits i also pick up work with my father remodeling in the interim what is it that you do? well...i'm at your friendly neighborhood ghetto school studying international business and finance good lord you're built for wharton already "my theory on life is that 3/4 of the population is useless, they're just here for people like me to take advantage of them and make money" lol fisher is m&t i could never attend wharton management and technology too many people like me why the hell not we'd clash eh everyone clahses nature of the program "yea...i would perfer to go to Duke, Stanford, or Columbia over Penn though" i'm biased lol Stanford b/c of gymnastics Duke b/c of Carolinas and Columbia b/c of nyc what the hell the CAROLINA:S are yo ukidding? i'm from Charlotte lol god knows the outer banks are nice but please it's close to home...it'd be nice to be able to see my family more than twice a year new york is difficult eh you see them anywayu seriously 'i live in oak ridge oak ridge? 30 mi west of knoxville u live or lived? past tense omg Penn is SO MUCH BETTER than any other school for undergrad business seirously' stanford is great but i never said it wasn't go for something real "i honestly am not attracted to wharton though...i mean, it's an amazing amazing program...but it doesn't match my personality" doesn't match mine either doesn't mean that i can't use it though and btw it doesn't matter...i would never get in. i am considering transfering to UC Berkeley if you think 75^ of the pop is there for your desposal wharton is def built for you oh i know that lol berkley would have you shot why does everyone spell it that way? it confusses me lol i lived there berkeley something w/e hehe i'm an awful speller...so it confusses me b/c everyone spells it Berkley and i spell it Berkeley i fucked the boy who was the heir to teddy ruxpin hot but a tina freak in berekely ha lol w./e there's this awesoime hill look in my profile...you'll see the guy i'm gonna be fucking soon Graham Ackerman lol what's your prof? Prof? profile i mean the one on AIM and who is graham ackerman there's a link in my profile to explain it lol he's my soon to be bitch sorry we can't find that page we? unquote lol "ah, it's not important" what r u look'n for? it is! really i'm lookig for someone to come over and pass out next to me. whatever happens after that is negotiable lol...good luck with that...i'm too tired to drive aww come one on i'll pay for a cab that's ok i'm not into hookups no hookin up in voleved seriously just sleeping i've heard that before and the answer still stnads SERIOUSLY "well, what are you looking for?" i just had 2 guys fucking on my bed behind me...i could have had a 3-some and was too tired to get up from my seat good lord lol "good for you, i guess" i guess come sleep with me. it will be worthwhile how big's your cock? ;) "6c, satisfactory to me" i thought we weren't hooking uyp we're not...i just wanted to know how big is yours? i'm actually going to bed now 7 oh come on nope we'll chat later peace man don't tease not teasing i said in my email i didn't want a hookup "i had a threesome waiting for me" is a tease that includes meeting at 6 in the morning ha i did have one waiting and i didn't take it lol no hooking up invoved seriously we'll see next time nite ok good night have you been accepted to wh? "it's not about what you know - it's about who you know, which is why i'm excited about tonight. My first congressional fundraiser!! Little Clay is growing up to be a big man ;) watch out whartonites, i'm after your jobs 8-) (yea, i expect you little wharton kids to leave love for me ;), it's all in good fun)." hi hi do you remember me? i vaguely remember having a conversation with you about wharton and then i saw your away message teh other day lol yea howsit going? good good...brb k "so mr. perfection, how was your day?" perfect yours? typically great what is it that you had done to your legs? "stemmed...and it wasn't done today due to a lackage of human intelligence, not my fault of course." they run electricity waves through my legs making my muscles tense up and then relax it's common...feels great afterwards sounds like acupuncture similar...but more convient for sports you are a gymnast? correct at the university? yes in wharton ? no which school? temple ahhhh remember - i care not to go to wharton lol i want to go to columbia in which i have a brunch with a man on the admissions staff in new hope next weekend :) you're going to transfer? doubtful...establishing useful friendships what will you study in graduate school i'm not sure i plan on attending grad. but i'm still a soph. i have time to look into that i will be starting my own business out of college. i enjoy the risk and have the chance to do so so that's my plan a consultancy? my business? yes no software? no what then it's long and complicated...and i really have no desire to explain at this hour. i'm very passoniate about it though ballpark it what industry "i came to philly to live in a city. i'm taking everything from here (and london, where i'll be this summer...and whenever i live) back to Charlotte, NC. Capitolizing on markets that aren't saccurated, basically" i like london it's worthwhile i don't waste my time ever i've worked in more than a few startups "really, if you have funding, the job is much easier, however, i've found very few that were profitable before 5 years" it's all good it's not so much a company i'm starting at first...it'll be mainly me and a partner most likely. more along the lines of devolpement-type things but lets not discuss it whatever suits you i'm drawn to the topic by instinct "no, i care to discuss it...just not when i'm tired. i'm trying to get sleepy b/c i have to be up at 6:30...i get into the topic and don't fall asleep" lol "well, how shall i deliver you into sleep?" just normal boring convo lol how was your thai? good good "this evening, i went over to a girl's house on south street to watch the first episode of her on a new reality tv show" it was a character study where do you go for it? penn there's an amazing little place up next to the rite aid on walnut and 22nd bring your own bottle hehe i go to one on 40th and Chestnut i was making dough when you sent the message about dinner fun times http://neocyde.net is my site fun did u design it? yes i spent the last year as a graphic designer for a startup in philly http://smilingscreens.com cool...the final links don't work though like after the index interesting i never have that problem on my mac but i've heard that from some ppl with pcs it's just flash "i know...i've worked with flash. in 7th grade, i was a computer loser who knew html and worked with java...when it took forever to load" so tell me about your rub down last night cut guy who works at bump late twenties oh ok not the type of guy i would see you with interesting we had martinis talked local politics went upstairs ... at one point i was on the corner of the waterbed bent over backwards and gripping the wall for all it was worth i have a nice mark on my back for my trouble very hot indeed then i put him to sleep with some energy work fun no sex? ha "bent over backwards gripping the wall for all it was worth""?" what do you think could put me into that position? i thought u were getting a massage post massage i skipped over that part oh u bttmed? both vers i started on top "incidentally, what type of guy do you think i would be seen with?" "well, granted you don't have a great body. you're skinny...at least that what it appears in your pics. so that lowers your standards" ha just not a gay bar bartender that's pretty funny the boys i'm with are very well put together http://neocyde.net/art/smallwonder.html first boyfriend http://neocyde.net/art/figment.html second bf omg...gross way not what i expected i think it has to do with the colors "but still, not what i expected" i thought more along preppy lines i was a party kid when i dated them then you're contridicting yourself how is that? well put together VS party kids not establishing a clear case with me ;) but i just enjoy giving you a HARD time i don't see why those things are mutually exclusive however i see the point you're making and i can only say that we're talking about a span of about five years it's ok...not everyone is as perfect as i am nor do i expect them to live up to my standards O:-) <--- ugly on the inside and out "when i was your age, i looked like this: http://neocyde.net/built.jpg" now i look like this: http://neocyde.net/bathtime2.jpg good to make improvements i know...i have the 2nd one saved that pretty much sums it up i'm curious and doubtful you look as hot as your 2nd pic in real life i think u lucked up and took an amazing pic it's possible most people don't think so i get an excellent response when i'm out as do i but i'm really not that attractive ;) "after a certain point, hot boys are just hot boys. i've been with enough to know they're interchangable" the thing is that i'm not just hot...i have the entire package...and most people throw themselves at me for one reason or another which i'm sure you'll do "actually, i think you'll be more attractive in about 5 years, when you're secure enough in it to not need to acknowledge it" hahaha...i'm really not as cocky about it as i appear on here. you're just chatting with me after i've been ripping apart a whartonite tonight it's a game for me but that's another story "at last, i am sleepy!!!" lol please don't think i'm a cocky ass...i was just dick'n around "i'm a very sweet guy, nothing all that special" "dr jekyll, meet mr hyde" haha...which ones the real me? i suspect you're probably what you say or am i still playing with your head however you're also on the far side of a lot of things i learned a long time ago it's easy to be a big fish however the point is to conceal your power until you truly need to call on it "people like us recognize each other for what we are, without having to put it on display" i met someone today in fact "if you're self-aware, you convey it nonverbally" "we're online, nothing is ever verbal. but one lesson i have learned is don't pass judgments and attempt to analyze something online...online is just a giant fake force. i believe if you encountered me in real life, things would be much different." clearly indeed but i must sleep sleep well "thank you for making me smile...i think under the horn dog that you appear to be online, you're more than a cute face...we'd probably get along quite well" we'll have to conduct that experiment eventually at a date to be determined in the future yeap...the king has left the building...peace out do you have plans for the friday before halloween? i don't know why? we're having a house party what's that date? i'll check 29th cool...i don't think i am. i'd love to come what kind of party? "invite only, several djs, all kinds of party favors" how many people? "no idea, last year it was invite only and we ended up with over a hundred" the house was packed to the gills and it's a *house* "and of course you should realize if i'm coming, i must bring a friend or 2...for comfort" yes please do cool but there may be a list so let me know closer to the date and i'll put you on it ok...just remind me b/c i forget np what r u doing on halloween? henry david ball? i haven't thought about it yet. basically i think that wherever this party leads to is where i'll be it will most likely be a weekend long bender yea if i had to take a guess i'd say Zete's at Penn fun i guess "years ago it was the best party of the year. now, i only know alumni, so i'm taking a wait and see attitude" Henri David Ball is the big thing now or it was last year the wildest party "and your ticket price goes towards AIDS research, i do believe" where is it held? last year i think it was at the Wyndum who throws it? Henri David lol for some reason i thought he was dead ok so i've got to go wash out my paintbrushes i'll catch up with you later btw it's a costume party enjoy your night how went the midterm? "umm, ok...not the best" statistics is bullshit anyway don't sweat it "yea, i think it's pointless." who were you with at outfest? 3 girls who was the boy in the orange shirt? bartender at pure and bump...he's kinda dating tiffany he's straight? yea damn haha sorry to disappoint you it's ok he was just the cutest thing i saw walking around "how could you even recognize me? i went out looking like shit...didn't shave, didn't really do my hair, how the fuck would u know that was me?" i'm that good did you see me? doubtful...i saw 2 people i was attracted to...one being this asian kid dancing...and the other was the guy handing out beer with his shirt off you left right as i got there i passed right in front of you on my cellphone but i had my head down how would u know i was leaving? the guy with the orange shirt wasn't with me right when we were leaving left the dj on 12th anyway i stayed there for about 20 minutes he's not a dj...bartender oh the dj ha you mean where everyone was dancing? yup "why didn't you say ""hi""?" i like being sneaky ha...that's no fun it's lots of fun gathering intelligence i don't see how you could even come close to knowing who i was based on my pics greenish shirt "standing with a girl with long, dark hair" at least that's what i remember where were u standing? all my girls were getting hit on...it was so funny "then again, they are all very pretty" 2 of them were forced onto the dance area for a while me and julia grab on to each other and refused to dance b/c we weren't drunk i think that's what you were doing when i saw you i thought in this particular case the lesbians were much better dressed than the fags "which is out of the ordinary, or so says maria" i saw a couple girls that were smokin i almost always dance when i hear a dj i was so fucking beat that day too but it's fun to get more people going i wanted to dance...but i normally have to have a few drinks before i do where did you go afterwards home...to study stupid midterms i still have 1 more on Thurs in? accoutning accounting also bullshit i guess anything that arbitrary isn't very useful "it's like astrology, or number theory" i guess it's good to get a glance at the accounting world lol lets me know its not what i want to do "oddly enough, it's pretty much all i do when i'm involved in a business" i'm more into the start up of businesses...i'm extremely visual and creative...so i get wild ideas all the time my battery's almost dead catch you later "i do remember seeing you...you walked right in front of me heading towards the DJ booth...you were kinda tall, like 5'11""-6'00, on a phone, dark long hair, skinny...i remember seeing someone who looked like that." "almost. i'm 5'6" oh...hmm...maybe my memory is distorted...but i do remember someone walking in front of me do you remember what they were wearing? i want to say a zip off shirt or green t-shirt...but i don't remember better luck next time i guess how did accounting go? :( we'll just have to pray ha our father who art in heaven hallowed be thy name please get this fucking monkey off my back and may the accounting gods smile upon my name amen lol thank you i need that np "in the grand scheme of things, it matters not" i really hope that guy i'm thinking about wasn't you how does your voice sound? LOL that is not a question i could answer can people tell you're gay? "some yes, some no" oh ok y? i remember a flammer but maybe i'm getting people confused i'm not much of a queen i do that "anyway, i'm going back to painting. enjoy the post-midterm parties" i have gymnastics at 7am i can't party much :( tomorrow then? def tomorrow...when you ask me out to dinner and fuck fest fuck fest? lol there's a party in my pants just for you oh that i'm totally consumed with this party dinner may turn into thanksgiving but we'll do it lol...i'll make it priority to not look like shit like i did that and i'll try not to look like someone else k deal laters later "I'm Naked, I'm Wet, I'm Soapy, and I'm Waiting for you to help me while I take my shower, cant wait for ever so you better hurry up!! O:-)" naked and wet? sounds like fun hi hello hello how goes it? bored yo my parents are going out till much later tongiht if u wanna stop i was actually headed over to deptford sometime soon what time were you thinking? there leaving now nice i could def come over for a bit ok got to drop some movies off how do you get to your house? u wanna look me up? sure 123 Lindsey Ave Runnemede so if i'm coming from the deptford mall take cleaments bridge rd that's the one that runs through runnemede? or is that the one that runs next to kmart? the one the brings u to the black horse pike ok follow? "i think so. i know the area, but i don't know the street names" yo call me b/c its to hard to talk how to get here online ok #? 856-939-6447 one sec brb yooooooooooo when u cumming to NJ again i just got back in the city today Scandelous.....I love it!! O:-) you could come to fluid and dance your ass off.. "I'm going to dinner with my best fried, but after that I have NO plans....so what are we gonna do tongiht? Let me know 856-939-6447 *2 to leave a message for me" hi hey u howzit? i'm ok u decent thats cool "so, i'm back in jersey" you sent me a note a while ago a this is your answer cool how is your party shaping up? ehh brb k New scren name as of TOMORROW!! I will IM u you with it tomorrow....until then talk to me here. Or call me at home 856-939-6447 "hey, remember me?" hello. how are you? i'm good...you? great crazy as hell weekend what's up with you? "not much..just got in from a very long weekend at work, i'm exhausted." headed to bed? very soon. why was yr weekend so crazy? "party friday, party saturday, some friends came over tonight and we ended up just mindfucking the hell out of this poor drexel freshman" tomorrow i have off just nuts hehe..sounds like fun. so much fucking fun well atleast someone is having all the fun. "awww. alls you got to do is come join me, you can have ALL the FUN you WANT" thanks. i am a veritable circus the only thing i can think of fun to do now is close my eyes and lay down. do it! tout suite what? ha "right now, roughly in french" okay..i'm going there...goodnight! sleep well "thanks, you too." hi hey howzit? it be's cool...how you is? decently decent what's up not much..just got in from a long day at work. do you work tomorrow? nope. bonus i'm off every monday..love it. got plans tonight? nope. want to come visit? where is that again? 13 and lombard did we swap pics? yup would you send yrs again? http://neocyde.net/bathtime2.jpg oh yes...you...the super sexy man...how could i forget? ha you like jockstraps i haven't forgotten hehe...yr good... aren't you in the burbs? yeah..langhorne. come spend the night with me i can't stay all night if i come down... ok how late can you stay? not super late...i've got a ton of shit to do tomorrow... it's my only day off in a long time and i've got super errands out the ass. "that's cool, i'm not going to be up that late anyway" than why have me over???? thinking i would like to sleep with you next to me "oh...well i wouldn't sleep with you next to me, and i'd try my hardest to make sure you weren't sleeping to.." oh yeah? oh yeah. good lord come over! you make me hot hehe... i think you're wicked cute "well, thank you." what can i do to entice you? do you still have the long hair? yup to my chin so hot. you can play with it if you like oh i would. and what are you going to wear for me to take off of you? linen and a pair of tight little undies no jockstrap? and what kind of undies? my gear is in jersey "grey, low cut" why is yr gear in jersey? i took it with my football pants and tanktops to exchange for sweats and hats damn you to hell...what i wouldn't have done to see you in a tank and football pants knowing a jock was underneath that...that's my porn fantasy... ha we'll set it up for sprintime in the meantime i have to wait that long? depends on how excited we get in the meantime i think i'll fulfill your fantasy on a proper date proper date? sure. "from our last conversation, i figure you're dating material" "um, that's a tough one.." you have a bf? no no no... what makes it tough? i never really date...i don't even know if i'm good at it or really how to do it... i haven't had a bf in years i haven't had a real boyfriend EVER! by choice? "um, no, not really..." have you been asked out before? yes. and you said no? no. how did it go? depends upon who it was with. but there have been times when you've enjoyed being out on a date i guess so. what would you do if i asked you out? i would accept graciously. do you like to dance? "i do, very much so." then you're a perfect date because that's what i do when i go out where do you go out? varies by weekend my roommates throw parties around town mixed crowd oh yeah? what kind of parties and where? "basically old heads, ex party kids, electronic music at decent bars and clubs - fluid, silk city, metro lounge, fiso, 5 spot, soma" that's the shit i love... i have such a blast at 'click' parties at fluid. you like fluid? yeah...i've had a good time the few times i've been there. oh i think you would like my friends very much then we're having a halloween party that you should come to at my house do you like breakbeats? yeah...some... both imri and al spin breakbeats when they're out also some house cool cool... and trance when no one is looking "i love dancing to old house, 80's cheese crap and electro." you would like mighty mike saga then and dave mass "i just went to the 'making time' party at transit on friday, music downstairs was fabulous but it was so fucking hot and so fucking crowded that i couldn't stay." ha i always sweat my balls off at transit it's gross in there. i bit a bit i like outdoor parties day parties never been... we just had one at a park up in north phil as a benefit for CHOP but i think they're pretty much over for the season CHOP? Children's Hospital oh..very cool. "yeah, you're definitely on my list" next time one comes around imri throws two monthlys "well, thanks." one at fluid called Funk Rock never heard..but sounds fun. "when i find out when it is, i'll let you know" i was a pure last night how was that? just all right "that's how that place always is, it's always just alright." "yeah, the music is pretty bad" i missed the entourage to metro lounge what time do you get off on the weekends? around 11:30 you work in new hope? yes. tough to make it out then definitely. "that's all changing after this weekend, starting a new job." now that's convenient for me hehe...yes it is. so so? at this point i'm trying to decide what to do with you you bear consideration what are you considering? short run vs. long term do you at all feel like driving to center city? yes and no...i've been contemplating it...it's the drive home that i'm fighting. and you have roommates...what are you going to do with them in the house? they are very much unconcerned i am so very entrigued and anticipating getting you naked... "yeah, i'd like to nibble on you for a bit" "i'm very put off though about roommates and family members though, especially since i don't know you...i would feel very 'trick'-like..." the offer stands for you to spend the night? thank you. i don't know if that mitigates the roommate factor "unfortunately, i have few other options" not really... i know that... it's just a bit bothersome i guess till i know you... so then let's go for the long term you'll have to come to one of our parties and maybe i'll get you face-to-face i'd have to know you before then... and we can laugh for a while when do you work? i'm on a flexible schedule for the time being like three days a week of my choosing ok. that's the kind of job i need. "it works, but there's something to be said for a routine" yeah...they suck. ha i was a graphic designer for a year the freedom was incredible i worked from home most often that would be cool. "it was during the summer, when i could move the office outside" that must've been so nice. here's a question for you... a little 'getting to know you' question. shoot what are you listening to right now??? ah ha ready for this? silence not often is it that way oh no...you should never have silence...that's bad for you...makes yr brain tell you crazy things... sometimes i need it "ugh..never, unless i'm reading can i be in silence, i'd go crazy." lately i've been listening to tears for fears aesop rock erlend oye new tears for fears? old oh okay. "'turn it on, turn it up, necisitto rock music, necisitto la la la'" i think i'm going to have to blow a load very very soon. aww i want to see it's yr fault. is it? i keep looking at yr pics. "and oh my god..i just realized yr not that much taller than me, that is fan-fuckin-tastic..." ha yeah i keep that in mind why's that? because it turns me on oh...awww... i have to get myself in shape again before you see me naked...i've been so damn lazy and now i'm just loose... loose? yeah...i have no tone at all...it's been so LONG since i've seen any kind of workout... "well, i'm in a lapse of exercise myself" "i lost weight and got flabby, hehe.." i just lost weight "i think i may go swimming tomorrow, that always gets me in shape quick.." brb k sorry bout that..had to pee than i was dancing with my dog... heh which dog is this kenny f. chompers sounds like quite the ball he's obnoxious... but i love him all the same.. i just looked at myself in the mirror when i went downstairs and was wondering how i got a scab on my bottom lip and forgot that he nailed me in the face with his head when i was playing with him earlier. what type of dog? chihuahua. heh a chihuahua gave you a scab? did he fall on your head? "he has a hard head, and he's ruthless..." he was shaking one of his toys a little to near my face and whacked me.. ahhhh my friend Seth has two the girl was a darling the boy not so much they're obnoxiously psychotic dogs and i should've listened to everyone's warning before i got him... "i shouldn't say that though, he is a super cool dog...he's very VERY friendly which i've known a lot of chihuahuas that aren't" most are very possesive and aggressive. my boy is just mildly retarded with a very bad case of ADD heh http://neocyde.net/vitals/grace.html that's grace awwww!!! i love her. who's holding her? me can i please have yr chest to take around with me everywhere...i'll keep it in my pocket and just rub it all the time... it puts the lotion in the basket yeah...i'll do something with yr basket too... are you on myspace? "oh my god. if you're going to talk that way, you better fucking come over" "i have an account, i think" "hehe..sorry, i'm teasing you now..." yup i am "i really shouldn't have said that to you, cuz now i'm all worked up again..." search for me on there and send me a friend request... my screenname is 'damaged goods' i got ten difference people when i searched for it? look for the picture with a girl holding a sign that says something about 'black guys with big cocks and hemmoroids'...that's me. of course hehe. "i found it, but it's giving me an ""unexpected error"" when i try to add you" those bastard whores. who are you on there? qubit "um, no yr not...hehe.." it said no matches. interesting http://profiles.myspace.com/users/1796837 no pictures? no profile? jeez...there's some issues you and i are going to have to get over... myspace isn't a regular stop for me it should be. http://neocyde.net is my site you should go to myspace before you go to manhunt... y? nah...actually i just started using myspace again.. i'm kidding. have you met people from myspace? nope...but i know a lot of the people in my friends group. have you met people on manhunt? a few any fun? most of the time cool. so it's very close to the time at which i fall aslweep "now see...i'd just be getting there about now if i left when you told me to, and yr falling asleep." really? how far is langhorne? about 25 minutes. oh no sir we've been at this for a bit longer than that "but you must understand, i worked 10 hours today running my ass off, i would've definitely had to clean up A LOT before i came to see you..." i like you better when you're dirty nah...this is way dirty. "i can be dirty, but not smelly." i fail to understand why people don't like their own scent scent is like 35% of attraction "i'm not a scent type person, i have to smell somewhat soap like or i'm not a happy camper, i'm very anal about cleanliness usually." put it this way i shower maybe two or three times a day if i can get away with it however i also will not wear deoderant if i can get away with it i always do... and i get teased constantly cuz of my teeth brushing habits. how long do you take to brush your teeth "not that i take long, it's that i'll do it a lot, like constantly at work..." i have a gum massager that's almost like masterbation ah ha ha ha. "the more you do it, the more it tingles" isn't that just like getting fucked? or is that cocaine? hmmm...that massager sounds very interesting. or is that getting fucked on cocaine? good point. it's got a nice head to it huh? the gum massager has a nice point on it "oh, i see..." do you have a mac or a pc? pc laptop. tell me something when you go to my site do the links work? "like, do they take you to the final pages?" "the artwork, etc?" what do you mean? the menu is in flash and when you click on the colored boxes they should take you to html pages they're not doing anything. i wonder why that is something to figure out ok "i'm really, really" going to bed wait..i just went through all the art links and owl and pele worked. ok so did maleficent. which ones don't? and why aren't there like a thousand naked picutres of you or the site? ha um all of them except the ones i told you. the only picture of me is the one with grace "and ""Head" final and head work. and oh my god..that's you in head? yes hehe..yr scary. yeah i was a crackhead oh my god..i just clicked it and got you with no hair... bonus feature look at the retinas what the hell were you on? no idea and yr god damned sweaty. from a party hehe. it's silly. a bit how long ago was that? three years? i really like what i was able to turn it into i don't like that pic of me at all it's freaky either way... but i'll still say that you are super handsome even in the crackhead stylee... thanks now go to bed and stop bothering me. i think all the ones with photos work that way ok sleep well you too...hopefully i'll catch up with you tomorrow or soon. it would be my pleasure "aw, thank you...mine too." ok lateres hello handsome. howdy howzit? it's a-ok....how you is? i be fine what's up 2night? "not sure yet...waiting for my friend doug to call me back, probably nothing, was reading for a bit, might go back to that..." i hear you. i'm on the last Dart Tower. also shopping for lamps dart tower? Stephen King's magnum opus 7 books over 30 years last one was just released oh okay..i've heard of them...you just had a typo there. my bad http://justmorocco.com/pd_moroccan_lizad.cfm this i want that's cool looking. for some reason i'm on a moroccan tip go eat at that moroccan place off of south street and you'll get yr fix. ha. easier than buying a thousand dollars worth of lams lamps "see, i am smarter than i come off, sometimes." what are you up to tonight mister? this. shopping some. reading. maybe a half hour of the debate. going to work for part of the day tomorrow. fun filled day..woohoo! i need to download some music tonight to cuz my ipod is just not full enough yet. http://ergh.org/ah2/ those are decent mixe mixes "i never listen to music like that unless i'm in a club or out, i never have the patience for to many electronics when i'm driving around or at home." but thanks. np i haven't bought any music in quite a while i think the last stuff i got was off of the iTunes Music Store "i just downloaded gwen stefani's new song, IT'S FUCKING FANTASTIC!" has she made a solo album? "it's not out yet, but yes and the first single was just released." neat her i like she's one of the most amazing creatures ever to walk this planet...i don't think i've ever met anyone that hates her. oh i have. one of the girls in my dorm freshman year used to watch them in LA like 10 years ago and she hates her? she was hating the fact that they became famous can i have that girls name and address so i can beat her ass... caroline.kriz@gucci.com i think hehe..i was kidding. i wouldn't mind at all if you beat her ass "well, if you really want me to, i will." as long as there's footage "hehe, you can watch.." i'm a huge fan of watching i'm a huge fan of group participation. as long as there's a tripod somebody's got to hold the camera actually.. i was in a foursome a few weeks ago with a GRRL fucking odd i must say really? really really that's hot i thought so when's the last time you played with a group? three weeks ago... Heh that made me smile it was the first time...it was so hot.. oh yeah? yeah yeah. how many ppl? me and two a couple? yeah how did you meet them? been friends for years... oo! "i used to find couples a lot years ago, but haven't been doing it so much lately.. what did you like about it most?" two people paying attention to me... heh i can see that it was fun fun fun... do you think you'll do it again? "they want me to...and they told me they have a sling to play with, so yeah, i want to.." ha a sling SOOO much fun never played with one.. are you more of a bttm or top? and i sooooo want to bad... "either or, i love them both..." "but usually if i get fucked, i'm fucking you right back." ha getting fucked in a sling is singular i would love it... i'm sure you will was it a party or did you just go over to hang out? i'm sorry...i ran to take a shower and forgot to tell you... ha np "i was high, and was talking to one of the guys from the couple, he told me they always had a thing for me, i giggled and said i'm coming home with you guys, he giggled and didn't believe me, i said i'm serious, i'm going home with you guys, let's leave now. he told his boyfriend, we walked out the door, i followed the one home, jerking the other one off while i was driving, went to their house and had my clothes off for about 30 hours or so..." "sorry, way to much info.." 30 hours. i've been salivating for a weekend like that for a while i've never had a weekend like that... "i was so out of it when i left, but it fulfilled a lot of sexual tension that was building up." "so, i was good for a while." did you party while you were there? yep. "i was before i went there, that's how i got the balls up to go there." <sigh> so much fun yeah..very much so. i was a pretty involved crackhead for a minute i have been on and off for about 8 years now... "i'm starting to get on the off for a bit now, but that could always change." we never really quit we just get picky or bored for the time being. or broke. heh brb my battery is going to die "i'm gonna get going now anyway, my friend shawn is here (i think), we're gonna run to the mall and then find something to do...i'll find you later sexy man..." laters adios hotsy.. :) hi mister super hottie.. hi hello how art thou we's be dandy...how you is? i be fine how was yr weekend? how is yr penis? busy did you go to outfest? i did.. and i actually enjoyed myself emmencely. i did too where were you at? had no idea it was going on until i took a walk through the neighborhood i walked around the blocks for a bit and then ended up by the dj on 12 and spruce i didn't know about till like 2 in the morning on saturday night... i never even made over there.. i didn't get to the city until around 5:30 - 6 spent the majority of the night at woodys. i danced more last night then i think i have in the past year.. i did not want to leave the dancefloor. im sorry i missed that woodys was crowded? "yeah...was really really crowded when i first got there, then slowed down a little bit around 9" i left the city about the time you got there missed the crowds figures. "the music coming out of Pure was better than the other stages, but i couldn't tell if anyone was there or not" "that's why we went to woody's so early...the streets were so mobbed, it was annoying walking around." ha "we didn't end up at pure till about 12:30...it wasn't packed, but it got a little busier around 2" and then i left. with anyone? huh? did you pick up anyone at the club? "i sucked a few dicks, but nothing memorable." fun fun i'm totally kidding.. "actually, i was missing the random cockshots. the folsom street fair has one on philly" "i stuck to my friend eric's side all night and the two of danced like fools till we couldn't move anymore, then we both went home alone in our own seperate cars." dancing until i drop used to be a career for me i just worked up a small sweat yesterday "me too...when i was 17 to 22...i was dancing last night like i was a kid..i felt so old when i left...my back was killing me, my knees were throbing.." "hehe, i think that's the first time i ever felt my age, or any age at all.." i know what you mean 25 kind of sneaks up on you "i never cared about birthdays...18 was blah, 21 was stupid, i thought 25 was going to be great and i would make a big change and 26 i found drugs again, so i'm on a roll with maybe not even making it to 30, hehe." i never thought i would see 24 now i'm hoping i have a mortgage and a kid by the time i'm 30 ok "oh, ew." not really thank god you took that back..hehe. it has crossed my mind though and when it did i was like wtf "when it did, you took another pill?" ha if only they were around i party maybe 3 or 4 times a year now all my connections scattered to the four corners halloween will likely be one of them tho are you coming to our party? "um, i don't know...we never really got into it that much." into what? "into the specifics of the party, the specifics of us hanging out, blah blah blah." ahhh "well, come then" heh it's friday at our house this friday? filled with what is very likely going to be a lot of intense people the 29th bring friends ugh...the 29th i'm going to see le tigre. but let me know how many le tigre? girl punk electro band.. please tell me you've heard of le tigre.. maybe in some past conversation with Mark maybe from you? well what you need to do now is start downloading everything you can find by them cuz they're fucking wonderful. do you remember bikini kill? ha what? "no recollection, senator" okay..nevermind then. i'll educate you on the two bands one day when we're driving around in my car with the iPod. hot "well, where is the concert and how late does it go?" "it's at the TLA, i believe it starts at 8 with 2 opening bands." come afterwards. the party will def be all night "i'll see if i can get the peeps to come with me...they might...i know allison will, she's the friendliest girl in the world and loves meeting new people." neat will be several djs lots of party favors very cool. invite only so you're invited can i get on the guest list w/ comps? "um.,,, SURE" ha hehe..don't you know who i am... you know the dj? NO? well either does anybody else... which one? i keed nope. ha don't think so.. <i kid "oh, duh...i thought 'i keed' was some bad name that came about of one to many nights of no sleep." nah prolly imri and kil0byte and who knows who else basically whoever jumps behind the decks "aw, bikini kill just came on AOL radio, woohoo." okay..well don't tell allison 'whoever jumps behind the decks' cuz she just bought turntables and wants to be 'miss dj supreme' lots of the kids who are coming are djs like more than 20 probably imri has huge bookcase full of records on the third floor and three out of the four bedrooms have decks i'll probably know someone or peeps will look familiar.. you probably will! i never really got in with the dj's ever. i didn't either. these kids just show up at mah house i know how that is.. that's my old apartment was in the city. when did you move out? i lived in the city when i was 18 that must have been fun "nah...i really didn't like it much...and it was very short lived in a dump apartment with horrible people in and out all hours of the night, i never got comfortable there." "that's why i cancelled the lease one day, took all my stuff and moved it and took all 50 other peoples things that lived there and put it all on the fire escape, the dumpster and all their clothes were donated to the lovely bums of philadelphia." damn i had to get my pay backs some how. who was it that was taking advantage? my roommate and her thirty friends that she moved in and out every other day...and that fat bitch wasn't even paying rent... i was selling everything i owned and cashing in savings bonds and borrowing money to keep us living there. ouch she was your friend beforehand? yeah...it wasn't the best situation. she was my high school best friend. damn that's a tough ending "that was the end...hehe, that was chapter one." "that's why i eventually moved in with my grandmom and decided i will never move out of my house again, i am staying here the rest of my life, haha." wow i know the feeling Maria had to drag me out of my g-mom's house and i'm still here 4 days a week are you at granny's now? yup where's that at? Woodbury NJ okay. my gran and i are best friends. she's the coolest bitch ever. ha she's sparky? fuck yeah. like how "she's got her shit together, she's always on the go, and she's just wonderful." good deal i just offered to buy my g-mom's house over the eweekend so she could stay here by making it senior-friendly "now see, and yr grandmom is yr best friend." pretty much. she's the only person i'm completely dorky around and she tells me things she won't tell anyone else "hehe..well i'm dorky around just about everyone, it's no holds barred with me, but my gran sees me at my worst." yeah. something about living here on and off for three years plus she's seen me go through a LOT of shit i've been here for over six. and you're staying for good? "no no..i was kidding about that...i was supposed to move around july-ish, post poned that for a while, then it changed to september, made a change to october but with leaving my job and starting a new one and all this other crap we're just gonna wing it now, and i'll move in whenever, i'm in no hurry at all." where are you moving to? "about a mile from where i live now, hehe.. my best friend owns a large house that she is now in by herself so the dog and i are gonna be her roommates." cool. the one thing about moving out was that i started getting laid often again. hehe...yr so lucky... just appreciative a little jealousy. who's jealous? "i'm jealous that you get to be slutty whenever you want, and i don't." see? something about moving out i had ppl over while i was here but not often i'm telling yr grandmom. she would be suprised not "my grandmom always asks me why when the guys sleep over, they always sleep in my room with me. but the girls feel it necessary to sleep on the floor or downstairs on the couch. she always yells at me and says she knows i'm being mean and not letting girls in my bed." hahahahahahahaaaa does she know you're gay? yeppers. what are you going to be for halloween? i haven't thought about that. is yr party a costume mandatory party? nah but most ppl will have them i highly doubt i will coming straight from the show. ok what are you going to be? i'm still considering it what are yr options? Atreiu from the Neverending Story maybe but Maria doesn't think anyone will get it i think i lost my connection for a second. did you send me something? "SOMEotherBOY: get one of the dolls or something to carry around with you, i forget the girls name, but get a doll of her to pal around with you." did you get that? nope thanks i don't think she had a name until the end of the first movie and then who knows what the fuck that kid said call her bob. hs hahaha yer funny no one will question you cuz who actually knows her name. call her princess pussy lips. i am chewing my bottom lip off. whyfor? from being so high yesterday...the nerves are all crazy so i'm grinding my lip over my teeth. ah yes you know the feeling so well? hehe. did you sleep? i used to grind the fuck out my teeth like scary bad not since saturday afternoon. "i never did the teeth grinding that much, i've actually never did anything with my mouth until recently, mine was always with my hands." hands? "they were always into something, rubbing and pulling my knuckles and touching stuff." heh fresh holy shit! did you know that Jonathan Brandis DIED? i don't know who that is..but i heard superman is dead to and rodney dangerfield. http://www.jonathanbrandis.org/ i used to this he was SO HOT oh shit suicide! who is he? he was the kid on Seaquest okay. ha "hehe...the monkees 'daydream believer' just came on AOL radio, but shonen knife is doing it...hehe..so cute." what is this AOL radio you speak of? are you on aol or just aim? AIM then you can't get it... D'oh "if you have aol, there's hundreds of different stations you can pick from and they just stream thousands and thousands of songs 24 hours a day." right now i'm listening to the 'indie rock girl' station. i have to stick with public radio eh. it's not that bad princeton has a good station and so does drexel i don't get it around here usually. and drexel's doesn't come in anywhere around here. no shit? yep. "they stream it, but most of the time i can pick it up in jerzey" i dont' think they get it up by cherry hill ugh..everything in my room is moving...hehe. are you tripping? "no, just WAY over exhausted so i'm getting those floater/spots and waves.." oi will you sleep tonight? yeah..later. "i'm not even going to try to fall asleep till much later cuz if i do, i'll get up around 3 or 4 in the morning and i'll never go back to sleep." YEAH! the go-go's just came on. i kissed a girl. what kind of girl? remember that song? oh ha yes hehe..it's on now. "so, are you going to wear an easily removable halloween costume?" do you plan on removing my costume? "oh, i was just asking in case it got a little toasty in there or you were held up at gunpoint and the assaulters said the first out of their costume and on their knees, lives." it won't take that much to get me out of my costume and on my knees that's why i've heard. although gunpoint would be kind of hot i think it will tie in the front "in any event, it will probably be leather" "oh good...you came back..i thought you left cuz i insinuated that you were slutty, hehe." i'm only a slut on full moons "you do know that each planet has more moons than earth, so it could be a full moon almost every night of the year." you could also show your ass pretty much anywhere and it would be a full moon true...you wanna bark at the moon? maybe lick it "well, there you go..now yr talking." is it a full moon? does it matter? not to me. me either how come you like to work me up over this stupid computer thing and never in person? "hehe..ponder over that, i have to take the dog out, i'll be right back." k i is back. quick boi "he just had to tinkle real fast and spray every tree in the front yard for the 16,000th time." in case any female happens by "i had his nuts chopped off anyway, his pheromones or whatever they are have been denied." don't chop my nuts off "there's only a very small number of reasons that i would ever be brought to that, so let's just not find out what they are.." have you chopped anyone else's nuts off? i've come close. but you only went through with it with your dog yeah...he made me mad one overcast afternoon in february...or was it march? i don't know. whoops there goes your nuts "yeah...i wanted to keep them in a little jar so i could rattle them at him everytime he acted up, but the vet wasn't having any of that." maybe you should have told him you were making hors d'oerves "hehe...he'd try to eat them, the fucker eats EVERYTHING" including his own nuts probably. he's not all there...i think i dropped him on his head when he was a baby. he'd make a good hood ornament with sunglasses maybe no motorcycle goggles they'd have to be pink though. "whatever you like. he has no nuts, i doubt he cares" i tried getting him a pink collar and leash and all that shit but my grandmom said she didn't want a gay dog too. ha haha with studs ok i'm off to bed "aw, leaving me so soon? it's 9 oclock." i'm up at 5:45 today and tomorrow "oh, work tomorrow?" yup oh okay..i guess i'll let you go this time. you're welcome to come over and partake in my sleeping anytime you like ok sleep well "goodnight sweet mister, i'll miss you." and your little dog too hehe...leave him out of this. this time "so, i worked a jock strap into my halloween costume just for you" KYLIE! hope to see you send me your email and i'll send a few im on aol ok can u send embedded so i dont have to download? :) embedded? in the email so i dont have to download? i think so. i'll try :) sent ok i'm heading out for a minute to the store i'll look for your email and catch up with you when i get back ok back what's up hey remind me to leave my credit card here the next time i go out shopping with a girl lol where did u go? south street lol get anything fun? clay i need clothes like now but i shop in different stores than Maria does o i c where do u work again? Paula Hian Designs dont think ive ever seen it up the street from Starbucks between Main and Cresson hmm i know gay st. eh i havent been there in a whjile do you live up the hill? no im b4 manayunk i used to live up the hilll but now im in east falls just off the river and kelly dr like 3 stops on the R6 b4 manayunk im stil in zone 1 oh that's a nice area "i think i know that stop, but i haven't explored it much" its cute i got your pics. they're great thanks u 2 so i think i may watch a movie and fall asleep or something haha want some company while u do that? i could use a nap too i love a warm body to sleep with :) "hehe parts of r even hot, if u catch my drift ;)" oh i think i can catch it lol mm next train doesnt leave h ere til 17 that's cool i can wait brb k hey cutie sorry phone howdy np i dont think im up for comin to the city ok sugar that's ok by me sorry u around tomm? probably going to the suburbs mm monday though back and all this week i get a trans pass ah and that will get u to my place for free im zone 1 :) but we can meet in the city 1st if thats easiest either way enjoy your afternoon! i'm going to cook something ok thanks u too mm yum hope u enjoyed the rest of the day.. maybe we can do something on sun? whats goin on? just woke up what's up with you nm chillin how goes your weekend? not so bad and u very decent nice TRUE i think it's time for food but i need to put clothes on and get out of this damned bed haha ok well have a good day you too :-* :D hows tennesee? it was good. i'm back i got my license how are you doin/ SICK im good "mikey, did i tell you i am back at Penn now" ? nope they refuckinhired me i'm going to be up on campus today no shit when? career services? 3-Jan probably or sooner when are you taking lunch? "I get off at 2, and i wasnt thinkin lunch, but i could dig it" dude ive been working out like a madman Wharton Undergrad is throwing their senior picnic today and the girls in the office asked me to come working out how? running everyday RUNNING whoa yes just because? "from my house, down 11th street to Federal down to 7th and back up" "Dude, i felt so painfully out of shape" damn tedi LOL i know what you mean now i got all this energy but i feel like i did 12 rounds with Mike Tyson "yo, keep doing it for two weeks and you'll feel incredible" "that's the plan, stan" but i want to do it for much longer i want to not get lazy again especially not in the summer "getting fit, baby!!" good for it T "graci, graci" throw the roses at me feet LOL ok so now you can drive a fucking hog! that is so cool yeah dude and i was cracked the fuck out when i took the test so now we know that at least it's possible party hard ? "on saturday, yes" not by design how do you mean? i went over to a friends house to visit and hte party showed up LOL love that shit!! right? so what yr telling me is that you got your motorcycle license hung over? yup up all night twitchingb cursing the very idea of existing particularly on motorcycles i did pretty well too LOL that is hilarious "yeah, add it to the list" i need food k well do you want to meet for lunchie? you feel like taking it or just getting out early? no dif to me i'll stop by either way i could get something lite i will be up front from 1-2 aight i'll come up to campus now roger dodtger see you soonly yuppers steak? bloody and a damn beer with my bull mastiff couple ludes big sunglasses near a golf course with a bullhorn LOL and a shotgun incase the yups fight back waiting to get trained for this job what r u doin? "man, this whole thing is heavy" "And honestly, you are the one who can see both sides" you there? what'sup nuthin at my new job howzit goin "Man, i dont fucking know, Mikey" lot of heavy questions lot of heavy thinkin your job too? "Naw, i am Kool and Gang with the new job" good The maria thing man "Yeah, they are def heavy questions" you been there on both sides of the fence ha i told her earlier that you two really aren't playing on different teams yeah i know "k, but i don't know what you're going to learn from continuing your relationship the way that it was right now" you've got to figure that out if there's even anything new to learn I know that you are pushing the time away and pushing the Wes side eh no that's not true and i know in some ways its good for her but honestly i fucking bitched the hell out of her about wes because wes isn't all put together right and her wanting a project aint the best thing for her regression if you ask me and she kind of knows it Don't know "yeah, each of you are smart enough to figure out what you want" but i think you need to take some time to do that wes is just a mechanism of context really nothing more than that Mechanism of Context i like that I know "but at the same time, dude is flesh and blood" ha "And ""in her head" something we had to face and though in the flesh and blood i am not much of a jealous cat this shit really makes the skin turn gree n ha tedi yeah? you just got faced with a totally new situation for the first time in three years... you're definitely going to have some emotions none of which are invalid "I know, you and Burce really helped this morning" just have to filter through and find the ones you want to keep yo we each "and i talked to Pete for a minute today, whcih helped" are here for that oh GOOD "I think i got to meet him, mikey" i'm glad peet is still around yeah you did at Transit OH shit! Oh shit i did meet that cat! yup he got the pete thing a bit from what i remember between the gin and tonic ha yes very true hold on k but hes weaker much and someone so flexible for her cant be good delicate is more like it thing is tho tedi what? "whoever she picks, she'll expect you to respect her choice and let her have the space to deal with it in" yeah not to say that you have to respect the choice i hate having the heart of oak but she deserves the space she' s at least that concerned about how you feel dont you feel at least i deserve that?!! You know what this aint really helpin much ha sorry chief just my opinion So she just wants to split out of it all you know what I feel like I am REAL motherfuckin cool with her shit TR going to see him the whole nine now this was my call look i got to run now ok im gonna call you later when you off? 5? i'm sitting outside at home whenever ok callin yr cell in 20 minutes wait call this number 8568456586 hold on k got it callin you in 15 k or so man this shit makes me hype ha and i freakin met the kid no shit DAMN!! you know waht though what i gotta keep the cool on this whole thing i will vent and scream to you and burce that's fine that's what we're here for but i gotta be the cool round her yes that's a good idea i smoked a zillion cigs yesterday while she told me it all I was the Indian of the American Spirit there's crack in the back niggas yr crazy LOL lOl Lol you say that while i am in this classroom bastard making mo trouble for me heh "alright, i call you later while i walk home" k like Cain in Kung Fu dean cain? dont make me laugh haha peace out yo sunshine how do i get the avatar pict up on the shizzif? send it to me and i'll post it on my site and give you the link k thanks http://www.bnv-bamberg.de/home/ba3600/bukowski/81naked-31.jpg and the other i will email one should be Bukowski k the other Rick James's prison picture it has to be square.. for the avatar the profile pic doesn't ok here it comes the other one what email you want it sent to? qubit@neocyde.net done and done you'll think the other pict is funny i do haha have you seen it yet? i'm going to have to crop it "k, graci" graci "but i'll try to include ""LA County Jail" that is KEY kate is thinking about coming up for the Boat Party tomorrow for real? let me know so i can put her ont he list Fo Real!? what time to we deport she asks deport! um 10 thanks she is seriously considering it it will be fun http://neocyde.net/bukowski.jpg http://neocyde.net/rickjames.jpg coolie d! mikael you are the shizzif thanks np "you are a great ogre, shrek" ha "mikey what is the boat, kate wants to know?" the Captain Lucky or something k Kate is coming HA! I love it didnt take much convincing ha k good to know Now this shit is going to be off the hizzook man i havent done a motherfuckin thing all day here in shittsville i'm in bed lol i want more chikn "come on over, col. sanders" the hens are just sitting there http://www.hardnphirm.com/rodeohead.html kate is here start cracking the bottles cool i want to be done soon i didn't get paid today Are you in the office? WHAT? why not? insufficient funds when i went to cash my check they told me to wait until monday "Damn, that is some crap" yup are you stuck fiscally ha cause i might be able to help you out eh i'm going to have to get maria to buy my ticket tonight and then pay her back "ok, i could help you too, if needed" we are going to bring a bottle of gin thanks chief oh good idea you know wes isn't going to be there? and probably some rum 4 kate ha "Yeah, he told me" k HA! i know "it's weird man, now i am cool about the whole thing. well, we'll see what happens when i see it all in action, but as of now, i am Mr. Cool Heart of Oak" LaMancha Having my midgit mexican by my side when do you leave work>? i might go in 15 minutes k how bout you? you wanna meet over at my spot ? probably it's going to be at least an hour "well i might walk home, it's nice, and i got tom waits on the headphones, so i might be home in about an hour anyway" I wrote an epic story on the Reflective thing about my mushroom experience in boston oh? i kind of wanted to take it off after i posted it ha but it is funny "I wrote it to Sara in london, and she said she laughed so hard she fell off her chair and spilled a drink on her pants" so i thought "hmmmm, maybe some others would like to ruin their clothes from laughter" brb rog "Mikey, I am going home. See you there" hello? texci hi ted "Pretty Toney, how does the day go?" it goes fairly well yours? good. kind of busy. so i hear I got lots of sugar to eat today haha what would you do for a klondyke bar tedi Shoot motherfuckers full of paint balls i applied for 10 jobs yesterday ha Oh yeah? Any tugs i need to find more to apply to ? i'm on a mission Isnt it nuts? you get in this mode like a man possessed i was i want out "When your ass is under the fire, it is amazing the feats that you accomplish" I mean when I was broke and jizzoke I was applying to jobs like everyday Oh speaking of whcih We should sit down and go over some ideas for shirts kate had one yesterday and I need to talk to this girl Amanda who can help us long run what was kate 's ? something in frech something like i blow you but you don't get hard amanda? This dyke that is friend wiht my friend Abby who just moved up to philly Yo how about this shirt for when you are out with Maria. "Silly boy, she's not my girlfriend" ha haha silly rabbit Silly rabbit or we should combine all the cereal sayings into one master scribe i can remember the characters count chocula boo boo berry fucking snap crackle pop tedi Snap Crackle and Pop has potential to be something evil the end of this month is going to be insane Paintball? the end of June ? yes pookie's coming I know we got the festival when is pookie coming? end of june plus that party plus Not the weekend of the party?! i told andrew i would throw him a birthday party here plus the boat party Another boat at the end of the month? what are the dates on all of this? that's what i'm trying to figure out i think it ALL happens that last week Oh jesus! When is the boat party? end of the week before the fourth the festival is the June 24-27 well really that 25th friday when is the boat ? this is all too much yeah lemme check brb i can't find the date i don't think it's been posted yet ha i just saw some of the boat party picts looking for a date yo tedi i see you there's a great pic of you where? it's one of the ones that ian took where you head is popped up in the middle like a snarky lemming i see the maria and kate one dude ian's girl is cute yeah shes in like evry fucking shot http://www.reflective.net/photos/04-05-28_GetLucky_imri/pages/GetLucky08.htm http://www.reflective.net/photos/04-05-28_GetLucky_imri/pages/GetLucky01.htm oh ther i am http://www.reflective.net/photos/04-05-28_GetLucky_imri/pages/GetLucky13.htm jesus ha where you seeing these? off the site http://www.reflective.net/photos/04-05-28_GetLucky_imri/ k going to lunch bbs mornin THE EDGE mornin ted howzit? pretty good been listening to U2 and Moby all morn with Stu Did yall still work more after I left ? nope cleaned up headed to bed "yeah, i was beat when i got home" but then couldnt sleep again no? for why? ending up watching SURVIVING NUGENT lol "mikey, it's Ted Nugent hunting people!!!" the real ted nugent? YES! what's next? the corpse of sid viscious Kobe raping female contestants on reality TV? ooo i would watch that "honestly, i might too" ha tedi it's amzing outside I know and i am in a windowless wonder! You know what I am changing my song of the day on the forum To Goddamn Right It's a Beautiful Day is that a U2 remix? <joke> <laughter> tedi maria and i got into it this morning it's cool though but i think we're frustrated Bout what? me finding a job ? elaborate my son "she was making the point that everyone has to have a job that they subjugate themselves to and just be the bitch, and i got pissed off because i've had many of those" yeah. why should you suffer just making the point that i've been working for 10 years already ? right i dunno... it was over nothing most of the fights with her can be "Honestly, i would NOT settle" don't want i know you need $$ but you aint the settling type and you are talented enough to find something that you want if you keep looking cause it's easy to settle and get caught up in some bullshit job because of the $. look at my at Penn for christsake yeah "they say jump to the dollar, boy, jump to that dollar!" i looked at penn and it made me depressed so im leaving with burc now going to the park and then heading out i'll catch up with you later Ok tell Burc HULLO Let's have the party at your place this Saturday andrew picked the 26th and it's his party oh ok "damn, damn, marty" Ok I just wanted to fall of the swing this time ha daddy put up bolts that are twice as big you'll have to snap the frame i like a challenge i saw kb2 last night what did you tink? How hard is the fight between uma and darryl ?!!! yeah good and the eye part "if you notice, there is a lot about removing eyes in both movies" i have a question for you bout it not the eyes you know what's that? that in both he uses this BEEP sound in the first one to beep out her name "for her name, right" but in the second one he has it again just once couldn't figure out what for its int he beginning right? yeah "I think that Quentin didn't want to reveal her name until later, and so that is the reason for the beep" "cause they tell yu her nbame when she is in the class as a kid, right?" right And the teacher is taking roll call yeah that's all i think it is k i dont think the beep is that significant I do like how the explained the nature of the Black Mamba that told a lot and a I LOVED the way it was shot when she was walking throught he desert very Clint Eastwood "yeah, i enjoyed it.. david carradine was amazing" great acting i thought yeah me too and i liked Pai Mai A LOT that's my MAN right there haha it's the same guy from the first one yea and that whole speach he give about about the 5 point exploding heart and how the Shaolin fight Pai Mai because of their offense to him is the reverse way of telling the story of 36 Chambers of the Shaolin oh yeah? Yep "it's just told from the villian, pai mai's, point of view" ah "yeah, pretty neat, huh" "yeah, he knows his stuff" he really does that's why i cant hate on the guy he does his homeworkd Maria and i were saying Travolta should have had a cameo in one of the movies Like as strip club owner Bud works in "Oh, and how great is Bud" he is probably my favorite in his camper listening to Johnny Cash i wanted to see more of him as a bad ass me too but i liked him as the lub i did like how he kept his Hanzo sword i wanted her to take with "Yeh, but i though cool that she left it" I also liked the Argentine pimp ha he was awesome i only got what he was saying at the end of each sentence i know!!! "and you really like him, and then they showed that girl of his who was slashed down the face, and you thought, whoa, this cat is ruthless!" "Oh yo, i started story boarding a video we can shoot" cool "I want to show it too you and go over scene by scene, but i think it can be done with the equipment we have" k it is going to be music video for one of Chris and my songs. That one that you have which "the Stunning Saturday jam, ""The Way it all falls together is the way it all fits" the upbeat one but we need to recut some stuff on it k it needs another verse I will show you the story board ideas I see a lot of backlighting behind the central figures head so it looks almost angelic what's up jibba? "bitch, i hear you're drinking on the job" "hello good sir, how you doin?" decent yeah? not bad "rough couple days, or you saying Decent like i say decent. like ""damn that shit is Deeecent" trying to finish up work oh sorry np let you get back to that then you and maria and wes just wanted say hullo all got me at once hi hello oh bigons "yes, team drama" hit you all at once like fucking 90210 I want to be Dylan McCay LOL Dylan was the alkie? yep God bless him the rich drunk And he was in Buffy the movie "which has pee wee," ergo it is perfect that should be in the liner notes what? your synopsis "Hello, sire, how are you?" half asleep and you? Half awake "How are you? I figured you were taking a break from it all, but I just wanted to check in and make sure all is kosher." decent yeah? improving yeah thanks for asking "Well, I hadn't heard from you in a while, and had been keeping up with your Song of the Days, and figured you needed some space right now. Mending time, perhaps." yeah time to think "I wanted to tell you though, that Kate and Emily will be up this weekend, and I know they would be happy to see you. If you don't feel up to it, that is TOTALLY COOL, but I just wanted to let you know." "Think about what, may I ask?" the next year of my life good to hear about the girls Yeah I feel you with that. i'll know better towards the end of hte week Ok "I feel you on that coming year fears, but I am trying to go week by week." apparently i can't do that anymore i was satisfied with what i had w/e i've got to get some charts done for my office w/e? i'll catch up with you later whatever Ok I love you "i love you too, tedi" hey buddy. how you doing? not bad need to get my power charger Ok how was your weekend? crazy yeah? happy fourth "NYC was a blast, but i didnt get to see Frank" tear you went to new york? And happy independence to you too "yes, Psychic TV was playing" they are this WEIRD ass band from the 80s with whom>? "the lead singer, Genesis P. Orridge, is fifty seven years old, a man, with tits, and a mouth of platinum" LOL tedi "Dave, Catherine, Chris, Natalie and I went" Natalie? "i tried to convince Dan, Pookie and Dixie to come" but no luck "Natalie, my friend, the blonde one" Right who works at Vanity Fair I missed you on the boat party "yeah, i thought about you all" enjoyed it here tho lots of family It wasn't as good as last time Good big BBQ ? on sat and on sun crabs and lobsters DAMN that is HOT!! "yeah, pretty decent" Good Good going to chill this week do very litt le in fact i think i've dropped off for the month You have yup that's why i texted ya you did? and am now IMing yes I did my phone es no comprendo I just wanted to make sure all is well in Edgeville haha yup pretty good hot as balls that's about it No shit. i walked outside and dropped five pounds LOL No I am SERIOUS "I really walked outside, and it was like it rained on me" water weight? I was sweating like a fat kid at summercamp in nanoseconds ha i've got to figure out a way to get my naked time in with aunts and uncles still around "Man, I had a whole lot of naked time yesterday" "infact, my fourth was spent sweaty and naked" with sebrina? who? the girl with the nose ring sebrina? jessica yes right sebrina!! HAHAHA! the teenage witch pretty much she looks like the sebrina to me the girl from the show? no no no nah just what a sabrina would look like looks like that would be her name i gots ya the teenage witch HA! "yes, i dont think Maria i quite happy with me right now either" eh apparently i embarrassed her yet again i saw her this morning don't know about the embarassment but she said she got riled "Oh, then all is well?" oh? i dunno you should talk to her about it "honestly, she can't expect me to drop everything to fight with her over the phone" I know what this is all about and I agree to a degree but there is a lot of pot calling kettles black i don't know what any of it's about i just know the sound of her voice "God, don't we all" haha "She said that i was ""too drunk"" on the boat" i heard you poured a beer down her shirt as if somehow i stood out among the rest cause she SPIT in my EYE ha um yeah "tit for tat, toney" "still though, if you two didn't know each other like you do, i think you would have been ejected" maybe both of you obviously but i wouldnt go dumping shit on people if they dont insigate it if they wouldn't spit in my eye right i heard dave and the rest liked it "So if you dont want the fire, get out of the kitchen" oh Dave LOVED it i thought he might i'm sorry is missed the witness there's a pretty great picture of him posted oh yeah? yup "mate, ive got to run right now. the computer is low on flow" ok i will catch up with you in a minute yup love you laters dude i love you too tedi Ah HA hello senore HI Tedi How are ye? I am a grand old flag how are you doing? where are you? very decent vacation? in Jerzey just got back an hour ago Grandma's? yup Oh wow Good times? packing to move YES I hear that great vacation how have you been? i heard you got a new job yes. ive been pretty good "a lot of motions right now, mikey" oh yeah? anything in particular? yes. lots. "Well, i too am moving" no shit with who? "yes, well Angie and I have spoke on this for a while" and she and I were thinking that it might be the time to move on seeing how i got this new job and all And i agreed time for my own spot wow that's unexpected for me but you're prob right "So i did find this nice place on 10th and Pine, but i was swiped out from under my nose" you could get a nice place So back looking "Yeah, I am ready for it too" ha i'm excited about moving in i dropped by today oh yeah? i hope you live close to us tho yup got my key We shall see if not it really wont be that far with the car Plus Maria and I are at this weird standstill "that is necessary, but still odd" i'm not really familiar with what's going on my vacation was all inclusive that is good there's a bunch of drama with wes's crowd as well i'm happy to have missed it "Yes, i can do without all of that" I want to Monk around this winter ha Monk? hermitage? "you know, avoid the dramatic at all cost" s dig into the work right yes there is all this tensions with Dave and Jon and me and Jon right now cause he is a manbitch awww over money? of course about the rent and his asshole nature "yeah, that sux" towards owning up to anything sometimes that shit is pretty clear but then again when it was between michael wise and me i just let it go yeah money is nothing as my mom likes to say "it's not money for me, it's the attitude" right well listen i'm going to be in the city for the rest of the week probably "yeah, so that is one dramatic since youve been on holiday" are you going to be around? ha "yes, sir" then lets get together maybe wed or thurs sounds good. ring the boy. good luck in the move do you need help? thanks chief nope i think i got it not much at all to move ok thanks tho well ring me on Weds or Thurs ok ted laters shalom hello clarice so good of you to come by hallo wanda Ma-ma-ma- MIKEY what's up chieftan? nothing just wanted a hullo? coolio i'm working haaaard taking pictures of models HEH well work away oh the WORK the AGONY Yeah they're bitches tho so .. Only I would love that they hot?> MILF for the Academy Ball "Roger that one, Catherine Zeta Jones" at least it's not Michael Douglas HAHAHAHA well go back to work i got to get on with teh kids anyway ok laters shalom hi toot it's maria I'm on mikee's jawn howard jones? i don't remember trying to figure out a howard jones song with you and kate tedi "hey man, did you got to the movie on Sunday?" yup how was it? "that picture is great, by the by" you look like brandon lee decent except for the urban youths talking through the whole movie LOL thanks that is part of the experience yeah it was resident evil i wasn't all that annoyed Alien Vs Predator was made great by the crowd 's comments ha better than the script i beet what are you up to this evening? no plans much better sleeping as usual the girls to the right of me were great the couple to the left weren't even paying attention see now that's annoying a bit i like it when they get all Ghetto Science Theater i did NOT care much about their fucking neighborhood junkie's relationship ha LOL pretty good yeah i mean screaming at the movie is one thing bullshit flirting is another LOL what are you doing this evening? "I don't know, i wanted to see if you wanted to check out the new spot, maybe catch a show" i'd love to see your place not up for a movie though the week is a bad time for socializing i can hear that until i get a new job How is the job? Wearing you down? yeah not worth it basically slave labor "yeah, that sounds a like the one Jess quit" the assistant thing? too much work for not enough pay right someone else's bitch yeah to that rich asian guy not my style right she was working 12 hour days and making 400 a week right it sounds like a lot of money i feel that pain but it's not for fucking 55 hours a week but it's really just inflated sweat shop work ha I left my ID at a fucking bar last night and have to go and get it way the fuck down in Old City during rush hour they still have it? "Well, they dont open til 5" hopefully they do oy they took it so i could get a pool cue i mean cue ball "if they lost it, then i will fucking flip" that will be the 2nd time i lost my id in the past 3 months oh tedi i dont even want to think about it they still have it i bet it SHOULD be behind the bar "yo, i hung out with that cat Joey, who looks and is a lot like Peter Schmitt, last night" he is a really cool guy so i hear we got on quite well i thought you two were out last night yeah i enjoy Joey i saw the message you sent Maria funny thing is when he was over at my house earlier this week that's EXACTLY what i thought yep i had to say it she didn't want to heaer that at all and break the code of silence it is so much better "i said, ""at least Tedi has the balls to say it" And that's it@! he is just right up her alley she thinks he's gay so do i for that matter No he's not he digs her really? i know he digs her I dont think so nevertheless maybe not not enough experience to really tell i felt kinda bad cause he mentioned maria and said that she said to him that he and i would get along well and i said that Maria and i weren't going to be talking for a while cause of xyz don't feel bad "and after this big tirade he said, ""well she speaks highly of you" and i thought fucking hell LOL well at least I smell of roses in someone's nose someone's big questionably gay nose ha no not questionably. i really dont think that he is gay ok he acts a LOT like my uncle johnny tho "he knew Dave too, which was kind of weird" oh yeah? Uncle johnny and aunt jack? Aunt Donald that's right bigons yeah he knew dave but couldn't remember from where "dave invited me to some thing while i was in the suburbs, i'm sorry i missed it" transvestites were involved Oh yeah he invited me too it was a caberet thing for Fringe Festival with some terrible troll of a tranny ha did you go? as the Simon Cowell of the show no i missed it he said it was hilarious though i bet drag queens are tough judges at the end of the month you should come to the synthpop party at fluid ok. it's called sex dwarf i think it is the last tuesday in Sept. but i will let you know before hand ha good deal it is a blast! "fucking depeche mode, erasure, duran duran" everyone dances like the crowd at the prom in Pretty in Pink i'll wear my hightops and a Ducky hat and shades i could be a dead ringer for tom cruise in risky business have to chop my hair tho that would be hilarious "but no, dont chop yr hair" brandon lee he's dead right? quite dead Tedi didn't even make it past shooting the Crow how are Kate and Emily? yes? The girls are grand. Kate misses you a lot She is working at Norstroms selling some very expensivo shit and pulling at least 1000 in sales every night damn! from which she makes comission heh she loves it? tell her she can have this job if she wants it she'd like it a lot better than i do she'd have to move to philly tho and whore herself out on the weekends tell her the corner is pretty easy work tho i know. she does work weekends at norstroms but she just got an appartment and signed a lease a cool place in Towson. Well go down to visit oh yeah? i think my cousins live in towson Oh yeah? yup well it's right near her work they're going to Hopkins that would make sense "it is close, but not in Baltimore" i'd love to go down yeah she misses you next month i think things are less busy i'm ditching this job asap i think "I was talking to her about how maria offended me for the last time and how I don't want to see her for a while, and the first things Kate said was, ""But we can still see Mikey right?" ha yes kate love you i rarely ever see her online anymore she's a busy bee call her up i should my phone is off all week she'd love to chat i'll call her from the house or seomthing "yeah do. i know she works nights and evenings, but still ring her and see if you can catch her on her break" Emily is back at the Dick and in a sororiety Kappa Kappa Gamma She really wasn t "giong to join one, but the KKG recruited all of her friends and her" so for her it's really just having a title put on her crew And she is gettting all her shit together to go to england for the year next year Where we all should visit dude Speaking of the brits live is more like it which brit? I am meeting up with the Bisons in NYC on friday oh yeah? they're playing? for a night of drunken debotchery before they go record with the Strokes producer Gordon Raphael or something like that yeah neat should be interesting at the very least "I was giong to stay the weekend, but" this singer is at the Khyber on Saturday and I really want to go so I am cutting the trip to one night who's playing at the khyber? Hayden Christensen? ive only seen him once no you tit ha just hayden i heard he smells what kind of music? acoustic based kind of if neil young was whiney really really good neil young is whiney i meant wasnt getting hungry for foods or cigs sorry about the type OH oh You might be able to listen to some stuff off his site i want food too i'll catch up with you later "dude, ive been smoking menthol" and like them' very weird ha haha http://web.idirect.com/~hayden/ hayden's site i will call you later about stopping up tonight tedi that's a bit much ok no wait what the hayden or the cigs my cell is off ? cigs DAMN you wanna just stop up? i'll call you when i get back to the house ok sounds good get some food usually take a shower and shit ok laters k ciao howdy edge hallo clarice so nice of you to come and visit "funny you should say that," y? i was watching all these tony hopkins movies on tv this weekend did you see the video? i mean he is a really good actor and all but i can c him as is hanni ha tedi did you see that rock video? "it's puts the lotion on its skin" yes yes ok good someone beat me to it pretty good i got a good chuckle cuz you were like the first person i thought of and Tom Cruise got some points for posting it ha i didn't even see it i heard it first "and i was like, is that TEDI?""\" LOL tedi i'm laid up from this weekend oh ya? what did you do? very ha what didn't parties out video games with burciago oh lawd foursome with a GIRL WHAT?!! plus footage you and three boys and a girl of the foursome? "me, two boys, one girl" i ment 2 lads right right english major "anyway, WHAT?!" who ooh the stank pus ? liz and tom and some random random dude it was just nuts Liz? "Tom, your video chum" ? yes who is liz? the girl that was in our infomercial video OH MY his friend well you are living up the the edge name ha how did the puss taste? i'm a little shocked like puss? ew tedi hahaha i couldn't even get near it with my nose LOL i touched it thou fucking warm hamburger ys yes quite plus i like my meat raw yes? i stuck my tongue down Wes's throat on Friday after a bottle of Cuervo and 6 black labels WAHHAT ? i don't know really someone told me about it "Mikey, you are my favorite rocker" it was a bender for sure wow and now i'm sitting here with my grandmother listening to oprah talk about penis and testicles HAHHAHAHAHA hopped up on antibiotics mikey i am laughing aloud to a computer screen i'm serious man the folks are looking at me like i am mad this has been fucking weird i KNOW! that's why it's so good! so was it weird with a ms. in the scene ? actually she was the easy part it started as a JOKE mind you they always do we started making fun of all these dudes on this gay website we made a profile for HER with HER pictures oh ok HHAHA and was fake hitting on all these dudes and one was like i want to come over NO WAY and so we fucked with him for a while NO WAY and then told him to come over and he DID so this guy just saw the site and showed up fucking nuts YES ridiculous and OH MY GAWD i got the WHOLE THING ON VIDEO BULLSHIT!!! including the part where were sitting there laughing hystericly at him and then him coming over "Mikey, you are the new Freddy mercury" and i think when he fucking buck naked on our bed fingering this bitch out after he asked me not to tape him oh my GOD <sigh> Mikey that was handsdown the craziest thing ive heard in weeks legendary tedi you have to SEE It it's up at my house oh i want to see the fucking movie i haven't even watched it yet that's a given "dear God good sire, my mind is completely blown" mine too and with that i must bid you adieu for reals ok tedi cause the shop is closing down i'll get ahold of you when i'm back in the city more on this later though peace k and chicken grease "good afternoon, mr. r jeremy" hi how are ya shweethart pretty good did a lot of work all moring and dont feel like doing it anymore i hear that i worked today got back around 1 and slept i really rode it off the rails this week tho apple released a new version of Logic today holdon a sec phone k ok back new Logic? you say? yes 7 what new features does it have? "Distributed Audio Processing http://www.apple.com/logic/ ok hold on this shit is HOOOOOOT well hot not hoot heh hawt it's a little over my head it's crazy "anyway, i thought you might like it" so many feature s only for Macintosh "i like how they use terms like ""Sonic Potential" they will come out with one for PC nope they will http://www.apple.com/logic/specs.html they don't make Final Cut for a PC or Motion or Shake some of this stuff you couldn't even do on a PC like Apple Loops "oh, propaganda king" yeah that feature is pretty cool i dig it i may pick up the extra Jam Packs for Garage Band Logic is sort of down on the list i need a keyboard first yeah you should talk to chris how's he doing? really well looking for grad schools all over the country going to marry catherine in may grad schools for music production? for biological psychology somthin like that hmmm neuropsychology? "yeah, that's it" "again, english major" intense yeah he is something when it comes to that stuff sorry had to jump off aminute there np well that logic is very cool and very tempting I am still laughing about your weekend exploits man it was bad karma i laughed the whole way outta the office there's bad juju oh yeah? in the air yeah oh yeah/ how so? bad juju!! love it "generally, i feel as bad as i ever did when i was a crackhead - employment wise, roommate wise, healthwise" and i'm reading the Stand and i watched Monster just bad fuckin vibes You need a hug "ha, just serve me up someone who's got the plague too and we'll hug away" Why all the troubles mate? "Firstly, employment - you know you can get something else" "Secondly, roomies - what's up?" our basement flooded and Maria is pissed that she had to deal with it by herself i think of course cross and nails cross and nails what did you just have to call some one to clean it out? "no, i think there was stuff to move, and getting the water out, and fixing whatever it is that keeps breaking. anyway, i just found out about it. it fits in the portrait of this week perfectly" well perhaps this is the balance good friend ha summer's over that's for fucking sure been over for a while "yeah, this was the official death of, for me i think. short circuit johnny 5" right summers always over for me when football starts you've got a much nicer time keeper brb ok back had to plug in oh roger "mikey, whats your female's friend's name you shagged" ? Liz erica is it? No LIZ right right her last name i know not that is a very hetero moment for you then friend ugh "shag a girl, dont know her last name" first time since 18 probably last for a very long whiel yes but still what a tale its like my sophia story sophia? the stinkiest snatch ever oh ha EVERRRRR i understand that a girl needs to wash it but damn liz got the stink too "yes, sometimes they arent roses my friend" one thing i meant to ask about the event HOW exactly did the whole thing transpire ? "i mean, the corny guy came over from the fag site" yes then.... beers in the living room candles in the bedroom they stripped him hot me not me i was too busy hiding the camera funny thing tho he never got hard he was probably drunk nah i don't think so he said he got off before he came over i just think he was scared to death so Rules of Attraction of you very brett ellis yeah except the part where i kill all of them or try to LOL hahahaah pretty good So are you sick now? is that what you meant by health problems? yes Sinus infection oh rubbish the plague i get them in the fall too i'm glad it's now and not when i'm trying to start a real job yeah i always hated them i know that i am giong to get something at some point i probably just jinxed myself steer clear of sailors and rugrats just then "well, there goes my weekend!" heh what are you up to this weekend toot? "my friend jeremy's b day is on saturday so i am getting drunkthen. On friday, i dont know." bout you? i hope to be back in the city on sat and just regroup i guess maybe some video editin need to see what's on that tape and i've got some footage tom left hahahahaha "hey man, how was your weekend?" decent tedi. how are you? im doing really well i didnt have work today so ive spent the day playing guitar to a sleeping cat heh is it a federal holiday? i suppose who know s the public schools are off today and tomorrow they never seem to be in school and people wonder what's wrong with the system?! ha i just finished reading Stephen King's last book how was it? not his best he seems to be slipping with age i think so too although i've gone back to read the Stand and it's not as good as i remember really? i loved that book it's decent but then again i read it when i was 13 right it probably has a THE CROW factor i think maybe i had more of an imagination then or somthing there's a character in it that i really want to draw so i guess it still serves who ? The Kid the one that goes off with the witch woman Nadine? is that her name? "yes, that's her name" and she does have a boy with her wow but it's a different character who do you mean then? he takes the Trashcan Man in his car through the mountains and gets eaten by wolves sort of a minor character oh yeah! no i remember him great mental image "yeah, it is" what did you do over the weekend? "i worked on saturday, and then painted my room" you had to work on saturdya ?> that sucks i chose it with my father oh ok not the Assistant shit oh no i'm done with that "oh, you quit?" pretty much good for you "yeah, fuck it" for real "honestly mikey, whats the point in being in something you hate?" Plus you are smart enough and well educated enough to get something that you fucking like! i'd like to think so "anyway, it's working out" i have another meeting at penn on thursday oh at wharton? yup don't know what it will turn into oh good shit but it's something to look forward to hell yeah what's up with you? we don't see much of you lately? "well i dont want to see Maria anymore, and honestly i didnt really have the funds this weekend" We were going to go to Transit to the pre Whistle party but got too fucked up in the pregaming "then on Saturday, Dave and jennifer came over" and we drank and huffed fucking nitrous which was a hoot heh Imri was playing at Whistle. Al went with him and last night i saw PJ Harvey oh yeah? how was it? AMAZING PJ and I went to it neat i hear PJ's got a girl in Albania or something HAHAHHAH something like that "he said he was going to come down, but i think the plans changed" haven't seen him in ages "he was going to, but then since he was coming down for the show, he didnt want to make two trips" gotcha it was good to hang out with P though. that motherfucker is hilarious "yeah, i hope he visits again soon" i talked to Kate he said he was giong to oh yeah? yup i talked to her today for a bit i called her the other night myself she must have been pleased to hear from you "yeah, we talked for a while" about her job and she showed me a picture of that Turkish boy she was seeing oh yeah!! hahahahaha pretty fucking good i'm trying to get her to come visit or you and me both i told her that you and i would go stay with her yeah we will i was telling her that it will be soon but there is such busyness Have you seen the new Ghost in the Shell? no is it good? i haven't seen it either was going to see if you wanted to go yo we all agreed to get Digital Cable with HBO On Demand after watching that shit at your house ahhahahahahaha watch curb your enthusiam that is my new favorite things on tv isn't it like jewish humor? big time seinfeld esque ok "i've seen clips, but never a full show" its great also you would like this show Carnival that's on demand "wait, what's that about?" this traveling circus in Depression era USA heh! but its dark as hell yeah sounds hot "like big fish, but not" not feel good right i've got to run and see mu dad ok chat later i'll be back in the city on Wed yup i'll call you or something k take care tedi you too good luck at wharton thanks whats shakin bacon? tryin to make some rice rube goldberg stylee what's up wtih you? SORRY busy at the workie things have been a bit nuts of late nuts how well a week from last thursday i had to take jess to the emergency room for emergency surgery on her ovary damn! "yeah, she had a cyst the size of a baseball" dear lord did they remove it? "so i was up with her Thursday, the surgery was on Friday," yeah they got rid of the cyst thank god and then we wree in the hospital "Saturday, Sunday and Monday" and she is still out of work and recovering until the 10th of november how is she feeling? shes doing alright slow healing process but we got out this weekend a bit went to see the Grudge (amazing) and went for a drive on Saturday oh so she's not that bad off then and then went to Barnes and Nobels yesterday "No, she is. She can hardly walk" so we have to do sit down and no drinking activities the Grudge was the first time she got out o the house since i took her home from the hospital "well, that officially qualifies as nuts" yes yes it does so what's new with you? "I miss you homes, we gotta hang out soonly" not much tedi did you get into Wharton? i've been consumed with getting ready for this halloween party are you back up this way in West philly i don't know yet Oh yeah? my drop dead date is Oct 29th What are you going as but a raped housewife to be honest i don't think i got the job because wait! i think she would have told me by now you're going as a raped housewife ?!! "ducktape, curlers, runny mascara, blood in the crotch" the whole bit HAHAHAHAHHAHAAH brilliant and with Penn they take forever so you never know i hope that \ did you call them again/. ? 's just it "nah, my dad keeps telling me to" but stay up on those pricks she was pretty clear that i would hear from her you know how they are a little bit i may call Sue and ask her what she thinks It can't hurt I mean they see tons of apps for everything this is my problem so it can't hurt just to make yourself known again bitch got a lot of resumes furthermore you are a wharton grad after i got an interview you should get some kind of IN for that eh by the end of the week no? everything will be known ok so i'm just keeping my head down hey did you ever go to see Ghost in the Shell 2 ? nope never got a chance there are SO many movies i want to see yeah me neither i agree i want to see Sharks Tale and Incredibles and Saw Motorcycle Diaries A Dirty Shame The new John waters? Mos Def yeah Jeffrey said he almost puked from laughing God bless Baltimore's best i really want to see that too are you spending a lot of time taking care of your gf or have you the time to chill? i guess i could come over and pay a visit she deserves it well peeps have stopped by "actually, this week" i want to watch horror movies all week and get stoned good idea if you'd like to come by for one of them sure! sounds like fun! thursday is the only day i'm tied up "alright, well I will let you know" cool "yeah, on AMC" they are runnning the classics Yesterday was the Omen and Damien: Omen 2 what's the one with michael myers? halloween i own that so we can watch that one if you like i don't think i've ever seen that A WHAT?! ok well you are coming over for that one is he the same guy with the one with the pins all over his head? no that is Pinhead from hellraiser ok i deff want to see that one Hellraiser or Halloween ? either i've never seen either I am also going to talk to my friend Casey who owns every horror movie ever after poltergeist i was done for like 15 years hahahahahahahaa poltergeist was barely the beginning "yeah dude, i think i saw it a little bit young" Poltergeist 2 scared the fuck outta me the old man old people and children are scary ha The Grudge is really scary is it? i like the japanese angle to it Really scary WAY scarier than i expected but i just read about that you know what? the first Scream scared me too but i ended up buying it the first scream is great oh listen to what Kate is going as for halloween Elle Driver from Kill Bill in the Nurse outfit ? HOLY SHIT good IDEA that' outfit is HOT that's what i said fucking great idea not that outfit is hot ha it is tho I still dont know what i am going to be somebody designed the shit out of that hahahahaha Jess and I were going to try to go as Axel and Slash but I dont have the cash for such an elaborate costume right now heh i goldberg is an awesome place for a costume but youk now i always come up with something at the last minute true true right are you interested in coming to our party? I dont know i would like to see you i haven't asked because i figured it wasn't high on your list but not maria yeah that's going to be pretty unavoidable on friday oh? i mean here is that the day of the party right yeah i'd rather not it's cool no worries have to face all that bullshit "thanks for inviting though, mikey" i do appreciate it 24 hour party ppl no prob tedi you're always welcome ppl? people roger thanks man well listne ? i will let you know as to when Halloween will be screened awesome that would be tons o fun it might be as soon as tomorrow that's cool i got no plans I will ring you or hit you up i'm usually home by this time on this AIM ok i get home around 5:30 aight we will probably show the movie around 8 or 9 "alright, man i will talk to you soonly" then yup tedi take care you too peace tell Jess I'm thinking about her Will do and thanks again laters she will really appreciate that yo i meant to ask you what is the make of your technics ? 1200 Mk-2 i think ok that's what I thought i am looking on line to see how much they are on ebay? i see 475 for a pair plus flight cases that's decent "well, it still has 2 days of bidding" you want some immediately? no i am just in the market to get some you dont want to sell your's do you? i've thought about it i never use them "well, i'd be interested" if u are i'm holding onto them for a day that i *might* use them yeah "yeah, i'll think about it seriously" i did that with a guitar then i sold it ok i mean i am not trying to pressure you to sell them just know that i am in the market no worries yo we might be doing some horror shit tonight "I am not 100% on that, but I will ring you" ok chief "if not tonight, then tomorrow" either way tomorrow is a bit better cuz i can stay up Ok "tedi, it's burc" then we will do some Halloween tomorrow you wanna drink and eat wings tonight? Oh what's up man "Not tonight, I am going to do some horror movies and smoke grass" aight "But Burc, if you want to come over tomorrow" we'll have to catch up sometime tho with Mikey "werd,,, i'll see what i'm doin" to watch i'll be in touch with mikee Some Michael Myers Alright good deal mango I will hit u up on AIM tomorrow werd lol hey is that you Mikey? hi Tedi it is what's up nothing i think we might be doing a Texas chainsaw tonight coolio I am not fully sure "I'd like to visit, but I'm also seirously considering watching the baseball game" only because the red sox may win it all Oh yeah! i'd like to see that happen the CURSE "oh well," then let's do the horror tomorrow ok or is that day still bad for you ? nah i think i'm meeting someone at 7 but it shouldn't take long "well, we can play it by ear" i will ring you tomorrow ok "by the way," those who i told about your halloween costume laughed quite hard ha good deal and said you ar etheonly one who could pull that off i hope i don't piss anyone off yeah it's going to be hot who cares? city eh i just don't want some bitch throwing her drink in my face keep your mouth open if she does heh it's a secret for most ppl tho i want the shock value face-to-face dan and maria know and that's it and you and sasha hahahhahaa who? Sasha. Seth's old girlfriend NO WAY She's coming to the party HAHAHAHAHA pretty good tell her i say hey as with Frank as well i will and i am sorry i can't see them no worries but only every other weekend can they visit daddy so says the judge i need a bath stat i'm SO GLAD i have tommorrow off ok stink well i hav eto run so runyr water i will call you tomorrow talk to you tommorrow tedi yes be sure hey. what's happening? not much tedi working my contacts at penn what's up with you? oh good shit well i wanted to let you know that Ali G: The movie is playing at the Riverview tonight for free oh no shit first of all The Movie?? yeah is it new? it came out in the UK and is straight to video here ahhh are you going? but my friend Alex got all of these free passes to go and i have a couple oh hey! "yes, jessica and i are going" how is she doing? pretty good she should be going back to work next week oh for real? they let her keep her job? Yeah. Her boss is really cool. He and his wife visited her when she was in the hospital that was sweet of them "She's going a bit stir crazy from staying in all day, everyday" heh a movie is perfect then yeah its an anniversary thing that just kind of fell in my lap who's anniversary? "we did go out on Sunday to Silk City, but really just stayed drunk and stoned in the corner of the bar" and laughed our asses off whilst the dj played Michael Jackson and Madonna all night sunday was halloween? Yeah. how was the party? what was going on a t Silk City? it was decent "I talked to Dave, who said he had a good time" everyone had fun yeah i was doing laps but he hates your Al roomate "Well, really just thinks he is ignorant" oh yeah? i didn't even know they were here at the same time... al didn't get here until late Al yelled at him when the cops showed up or something and Dave and Jennifer were in and out OH yeah Dave should have stayed he was totally welcome Al was getting rid of all the random ppl "Dave was just like ""What the fuck? Who is this clown?" "I think Dave said that he was friends with you and Maria, but Al still shuffled him out." hmmm i'll tell Dave that I'm sorry about that I wish I had known I just said that I am sure Mikey and Maria had no idea and that Al is a big pile of bossy shite anyway LOL he's def that way "Yeah, he repulses me." I am sorry don't be "ok, good. cause really. i'm not." LOL I just figured cause you live with him i should be a bit civil. But no. I am repulsed by him. Seriously repulsed. "Tom Cruise isn't bad. But Al, well, Al just doesn't cut the mustard" he's all right LOL when you get him alone dude "not in my book, and you know i can put up with a lot of things" he's just like 30 he's got a KID he seems like a republican even though he's not "Oh God, he SPAWNED?!!!" He's a fascist with a poor sense of humor "well, listen" i like him and an exorbant sense of self so... "oh right. damn, i meant to be civil" Al doesn't give me shit well he is probably intimidated by your genius. eh not many ppl are these days Oh Mikey i'm an old desperate fuck "Well, if it makes you feel better, your mind blows mine" hehehe oh tedi doing my prep for my SAT prep yeah mikey? sorry had to make some copies no worries i'm going to go meet some guy for Coffee at Cosi ok give me a ring tonight? "yes, i will call you" when i am home cool/ ? very peacve so i find out today that the steelers beat the stuffing out of philadelphia isnt it great?!! did you watch it? most of it i was in balty and missed the ending whilst driving but i listneed to it on the radio "from what i'm told, it was over in the first quarter" yep for two weeks brb i gotta get ready to leave work i will hit you up later sorry i had to jump off like that yesterday no worries i was ready to get the fuck outta the office "how are you doing, old mate?" my food showed up at the door i'm good i just got my hair cut got the day off short? have a date tonight nah oh boy just more stylez yeah what are you up to? im at work jess and i might go out for a burger tonight how is she doing? she's doing really well we went to Baltimore this past weekend and she has her post op check up tomorrow she's healing much better "thanks for asking, man" i'm glad to hear that tedi i'd like to see her back where she was before this shizzle she's nearly there a bit o pain but nearly there oh and kate misses you i miss KATE drag her ass up here tedi I was giong to fucking call you on Friday to see if you wanted to come down yo but i was in such a rush to beat traffic i would have but totally glad i didn't that i forgot until i got home i met Andy on Sat wait Fri whose he? at Making Time this really great boy Making time? At Transit? yup how was it? did you see angie there? she always goes nah she was there? anyway i loved it! it was great! go on about andy the cowboy speaks on the level has killer eyes sings "mikey, this is right up your alley" yeah what's the catch? no catch so far good for you!!! the only catch is that i just met him we've hung out maybe twice he's djing tonight and i'm going as his date cute. what does he spin? house? nah not electronic i don't think YAY!!! his tastes are a lot like yours in fact i've told him about you are you going to the Khyber? tonight? i don't know where this party is is that where he spins i'll find out this evening yeah tedi i like him good shit I am very happy for you thanks chief we should double date Perhaps this weekend we will HAHAHAHA i was just oging to say that Jeffrey is coming into town from Boston so i think i'm going to be wrecked but everyone's invited Jeff from penn will be burc and gonzo and that crowd yeah my roommate from sophomore year knew adam granofsky? wirey kid? likely not but yes oh Jeffrey Erickson was in Zeta Psi there was this kid named jeff who knew adam but i dont think it was the same kid anyway... we'll see how tonight goes sounds good ok i'm headed down tot he kitchen but i would like to hang soon ok gwan down Yes Tedi talk later laters how as the date? was the date? tons of fun i've been sobering up all day and Tedi yes? he has the BEST taste in music oh yeah? yeah. shit you would love like give an example of something that i know that most dont i think you could turn him on to some more obscure shit tho but he does hmmmm.... we should totally do the double date Jess was all excited :) he's still got all my stuff at his house oh boy so i'll tell him today when he gets back "I am really broke right now, but I get paid on Monday" yeah me too "Jess, however, gets paid on friday" Jeffrey is coming down from Boston so i'm tied up until next week anyway oh that's right well we should still plan it for next week sometime good deal is he into all the british shit that i like? Verve and such ? a lot of the stuff he played last night was american like what tho? he was playing to a pretty vanilla crowd on the other hand he pulled some shit out of the box that wasn't top of the pops dandys / / ? he likes the dandys you'll have to talk to him about it tho very cool ok i will you know how i am with remembering music good this will be a nice conversatin piece i love chatting it up with folks that are into my shit there aint many of us what's up with you today? well actually i got out of work early because the electricity in the center went out "and i got off tomorrow, but my dad is coming up with all this stuff for the appartment" oh yeah? yeahn furniture? "couch, table, the works" dig it we are getting the hook up! that will make it a home yeah well when my parents stopped by when they were visiting this gallery "my mom said," "Tedi, you guys are living at a sub college level" awww "and I was saying how i was saving for acouch, ect" but they have all this old stuff that they wre getting rid of so when we went down last weekend we brought up the rugs and whatnot but now my dad is bringing the rest in and we are loading in all in tomorrow afternoon neat most ppl start out with nothing for a while at least it will be nice to start to have SOMETHING in here right! well we've been going months with virtually nothing a dining room table is sweet but the effin bed LOL well its more of a coffee table that's how my bedroom is no surface area but that's a bed room TRUE this is the WHOLE PLACE LOL we still are using meghans shit futon that her and Locksley rocked casbah all over LOL tedi ew they're still together i think "yes, ew but true" well good for them the Locks fucking hell we never see them nor i not like i would have any reason to but still i'm hongry i been a hongry bitch all day i am a bit jess took me out for a glorious burger last night Chili's OoOo i hate to sounds classless nah dude but I am so into Chilis is the shit Chili's and Friday's and Ruby Tuesday's dude that's like fine dining in knoxville HAHAHAH oh my dad was down your way last week Memphis business? yeah some hearing he liked it down there i love how they're talking about Arafat like he's dead already Memphis is fun good ribs mmmm Bar B Cue oh DAMn dammit fuck you for putting that in my head LOL sweet ribs i was just thinking the same thing about myself (salivates on keyboard) all right i need pork bbl LOL hahahahaha i love the long pause there yo man yo hows the weekend going? fucking great dude what's up with you? not much just got PAID today mothafucka! so i am going shoppin and might be spinning 80s tunes at my friend's place where at? my friend Jeremy's up this way today or tonight? today sounds like fun T i'm with Andy at the moment goingto meet up with Jeffrey And Gonzo' oh the rocker well listen i dont know what your plans are tonight but there is this fun party happening at this place called the Blue Horseshoe u going ? we havent made plans yet yes but we are going to this bar Roosevelts by our place Jess says hello tell her i said hey call i call you tonight>? yes call me later we should hang talk you later yo man hey ted Smile from the Streets You Hold on my way out i'll catch up with you later hi ted hey man did you get my email? just Friday was awesome *so* much fun did you all stay at Nodding Head? Yo. You owe casey like 10 bucks. Your bill came to 35 and you dropped a 20 oh no shit sure he didnt really care how do i get it to him? "actually, just give it tome at some point" he really doesnt care ok but he got jumped sorry about that OH yeah! later that night sorry about that TOO where does he live? Doesnt that fucking suck 23rd and Poplar did they get anything? 20 bucks and his appartment key his fucking KEY? but he attacked the mugger BACK! HEH was he hurt at all? the guy smashed a bottle over his head but casey didnt go down hosy shit! and ran after the guy until he got in his SUV and started to drive off but casey ran after the car LOL and the guy tried to run him down Oh My God so the guy got away and he couldnt get into his building so he bought a 40 sat on the stoop with a bleeding head waited for someone who lived there to return to let him in i can't imagine how funny that must have looked! wow hes fucking crazy "dude, can you let me in, i got mugged" while holding a 40 Exactly man alive he IS crazy chasing after a damned SUV Totally crazy AFTER getting hit and the guy tried to run him down BITCHES and these other guys were holding casey back! he's fucking nuts Yay. I'll def get him his cash LOL I had a blast on Friday pehaps next week yeah "you, jess, andy and i can go on a date" Yeah! dinner and a drink? or movie? sounds great He's a cool guy I've invited my G-mom out on Friday he looks like this kid mark i knew who lives in pittsburgh and I'm in Jers on Sunday Well let's just pick a day next week Have you been to the new Marathon next to the Bridge? no is it any good? it's *crazy* nice the service is terrible but the spot is excellent and so is the food and it's right next to the theater yeah let's do something like that ok i'll tell Andy What do you want to see ? I really want to see Alexander YES We should plan that When does it open? This weekend I think I have to check you're prob right since it's the holiday lemme check hold on it comes out on the 24th whoa val kilmer is in this shit! yup Jolie looks so fucking good in it and menacing plus it's oliver stone and it's epic it'll be great and Colin Farrel has a full frontal something for everyone! :) ok well let set this FOR SURE next week unless there are money issues but i dont forsee no money issues i don't think cool yo wes fucking emailed me ew what the fuck is up with that? tell him to fuck off yes very ew i was like pretty much everyone feels that way Tedi "what the flying fuck is this" what did he want? he wanted to talk on IM he's like a bad virus right now right now? yeah he's been a mess and a half poor kid i'm just beyond worn out "man, i am so glad i don't live in/even near your house" no offense ha it's actually pretty quiet i just thought it weird there's not a lot of traffic on the other hand i mean the last fucking person i expected to hear from there's a LOT of unecessary drama isnt that the Reflective way? hehehehe HA Reflective or Maria? both i guess yeah both w/e I mean jess would tell me I'd like to see Wes actually try to kill himself "all this bullshit from ""The Scene" I would kill people people like to talk a lot of shit dont they?! i don't think i've been the topic of conversation though which suits me fine on the other hand even if i was i'd tell them all to fuck off in a heartbeat did you read any of those bullshit posts on the board? no good neither did i i only write song of the day yeah good plan i don't even go on those fucking boards it just seems so silly oh yes my friend me compadre so very It seems like this mikey very illy "the More people talk about you, the more important you are" "That seems like everyone's mentality in that ""scene" meh to all of it i say that sums it up perfectly! MEH ok i'm gonna take a nap lucky bitch im going to work! "talk to you later, then, mikey" a ha ok laters ted are you awake? ? i meant to ask you on Friday have you thought any about selling the tables? i'm going to keep them ok then i am going to check online for some i got mine for 400 new online so really? that's a good price to start yeah each ? each that's not bad what'syour model again? 1200 MK2 i think ok thanks man bp np lol lol how much were those needles ? north of 100 yeah? wow supposebly they're pretty good do you remember the site you found them ? "nah, sorry" its cool it was a while ago i'll check the ebay k "thanks, man, go back to sleep" laters peace yo it's at 10 not 8 bigons see you there? "waiting for andy to find out where he's working tomorrow, but mostly likely yes" thanks T did you go last night? "nah, Andy wasn't feeling well" it was so fucking cool did you? oh shame i bet yeah it was a crazy night mikey crazy how? I literally went through the emotional gamet Well the night started off with just Jess and I sitting at home passing on going to happy hour and just hanging out We got overwhelmingly high and then i opened the cable bill which was like 125 dollars a bit much "and jess, high as a fucking kite, calls and complains to comcast" and gets the whole bill reduced to 89 bucks! I couldnt believe it whoa the girl is a miracle worker so then we are all high and get into a converesation about going to the show and running into Maria which i didnt think would be too weird but when your stoned everything is more hardcore TRUE so that made me start to feel a bit weird and all ok.. then we go to the show and the fucking bartender ripped jess off for 5 bucks ew so she asks to see a manager ha and still high as chong and the manager sees us and gives up 2 free drink passes seriously? seriously hold on one sec k anyway we got 2 free drinks and like good tanqueray and rum and then we run into this guy that jess is friends with who i was annoyed by the last time we saw him because i thought he was a bit too friendly but turns out he and i really get along for the night cool yeah so THAT was unexpected ha and than grandmaster flash came out opened with In the Air Tonight by Phil fucking Collins! I burst out laughing neat and the rest of the show was just as surprising and genius the guy is like seeing Lennon but for hip hop so cool So then my friend Sam comes up to us and says "hey you guys giong to Pharcyde tomorrow?" And we both say no we're broke ect and he hands us 2 Free Tickets !!! whoa turns out they were giving them away upfront when we were talking to the manager and he grabbed an extra pair for the both of us crazy man what a crazy night very crazy tedi Phil Collins totally fit sounds like it was a lot of fun yeah you were missed though i was looking for you among the crowd "i made Andy sick, and we're supposed to go to this Sun Ra thing tonight" so I put him to sleep technically i could have gone without him but eh you dont even have to say it i feel you man he really wanted to go yeah well for a while i was thinking we might not go being high and paranoid heh was it crowded? packed that's the other thing did you run into maria? yeah we did for a minute just said our hellos and that was that really we wanted to go up front that's good i guess i mean really mikey i am very done with all of that i know tedi so it was just the polites so you're going to see the Pharcyde tonight? I think so i mean it is free tix but Jess and i both feel like shite this morning right we couldnt even get out of bed until 8 with the alarm beginning it's snooze run at 7:15 heh i kind of figured that's how we would be yeah totally andy had to be at work at 7 so what's this sun ra thing? remember aaron levy ? yeah wow what a blast from the past what's up with him? his gallery is having an exhibit on Sun Ra or something and tonight they're going to show his movie oh whoa that is very cool i hope os how long has the exhibit been up so ? i think it's opening tonight? dunno i am totally going to check out that exhibit you could come tonight... going to be the same crowd yeah well the pharcyde willbe what i will do tonight if i do anything ok i mean though they fell off a bit on that last record i just sent you the info they still are legendary ok cool heh email it to me happy late bday mikey! :-P thanks T "i wrot eyou yesterday, but didnt know if you got it" where did you write to? on reflective? i wrote on reflective but i sent you a text as well oh thanks chief i broke the shit out of my cell phone oh really? how? i threw it LOL how are things? pretty good what did you do for your bday? busy trying to get my shit together for my dad i workecd on the phone brb Maria made an awesome dinner last night "oh yeah, what did you have?" pork chops sounds good yeah jess and i went out for a 6month anniversary at Marrakesh it was a good day after i got home you have to take Andy there how was it for two ppl? Perfect i'd love to go never been when did you all go? last night you have to make a reservation but trust me he would love it after the holidays maybe i'm tappedc i know me too what are you up to? nothing much working now "I have to work late tonight, which sucks" but tomorrow is some xmas party for the counselors with an open bar no shit "oh it's shit, man" ha fun ppl? "not really. But christine and michelle, both of whom i work with in west philly are great" good deal calling credit agencies "oh boy, enjoy." trying to clean my shit up good luck Tedi! "My friend, how are you?" decent Ted how are you doing? "im doing pretty well, old man, been doing some finance balancing" clearing old debt? no i want to make a resolution for the new year not to be down to my last bucks ha yeah we're getting a little old for it and I am giong on an xmas spending spree HAHA on Weds how are you doing?!! good missing you Ted Oh i meant to write you to tell andy that Scissor Sisters are playing at the E factory in january no shiz you know they're on my list oh shiz man for santa? of things to research what i've heard is good seems like they may be overpromoted tho very don't know much about it but i heard somebody very famous but i love the fact when really really gay pop music is shoved into the mainstream namedropping thenm are they gay? "Mikey, they make Elton John look like Mr. T" heh i thought maybe it was just hair rock reconcieved no no like old elton decent need to go buy then support the family "so what else is giong on, man?" getting my shit together to buy this business also trying to figure out how the hell xmas is going to work a what?! what business? buying into what my dad does oh really?! that is great! hope so the money is great if it works out i think so would you be prez? or just an investor? own my own subcontract through him oh cool "wow, things come up in the weirdest ways dont they?" yeah i mean i'm doing it anyway "i know, but this sounds like a very cool venture" "Mikey, you should give Kate a ring. She was feeling kind of down last night. That ""I miss my friends from college and this real world shit is tough""mentality was overwhelming her" awww what's her number? 410.960.3097 "mikey we should try to do something on thursday, even if its you come over for a movie or something" ok T that's what i was thinking just no pressure no plan visit yeah or somethign that sounds good i feel like when we try to make plans to DO SOMETHING its always at the mercy of the allmighty dolla true true "so if we set our sights low, then we have no where to go but up" heh dig it So what else has been in the world of the Edge ? mostly andy thats nice im mostly jess we did my birthday over the weekend i know "Oh really, how was it?" i have to force us to get out of the bedroom decent we went to the art museum and then to Beau Monde and then to a Fondue Party chic hahahaha how gay "very, but cool." nonetheless so listen Dave used to bust out the fondue on some drunken nights i'm going to step out to find a jeweller no shit? yeah we did it like once at 317 the innererasure heh "ok, well go get yr diamonds" yeah CALL ME ON THURSDAY OK calling Kate too for real yes and call the blood ok chief enjoy the afternoon "you too, man" YOoooooo hi Ted you still want to come by this evening? yes yes y'all cool we have to do laundry ok "but i will call you when we get back to the house, cool?" call the house 2155461642 ok. or you can come by around 8 ok 8:30 we will be back i mean come around 8 8:30 have to get up at 5 tomorrow morining well do you want to do something this weekend then? if you gots to get up that early? Saturday is spoken for Sunday no idea "I am not going to baltimore, as i thought planned" Friday no idea "well, tomorrow I was going to go to Jennifer's, dave's girls, birthday party for a bit and then to the Pontiac" Grill later that night Sunday - no idea we typically watch simpsons and arrested development if you are looking for a quiet one Friday will be a LOUD hanging Sunday cozy grandma-but-with-weed night Sunday you wanna sunday it? yes grandma LOL "Grandma take me home, grandma take me home" "ok grandma, since you have to wake up for the early bird special, we will definitely do sunday" okibbidy wear comfortable cloths cause when we sloth on sundays "loose clothing" we sloooooooth dig it that's my mood and if we want to do a movie that night after the shows we could invite andy too if he'd like to come sure thing "also, any movie that youd be interesting in seeing" ? i could rent it or it might be ON DEMAND The Passion of Joan of Ark is that with Milla? may be a little heady tho "nah, old silent flick" with some bitch who went insane after she made it Sunday Slothing needs talking in the pictures hehehehe ha ok any others? you know what i saw that i loved and it is xmassy you pick Love Actually very cute and funny "and with Hugh Grant, who i love and am mocked by everyone for this ""default"" in my taste" in comedy actors Oh that's the movie HA i was waiting for it "Love Actually" yeah have you seen? nope oh it is grand! and very very funny sold ok so settled "slothing to love, actually" heh did you get my messages last night ? i called you back but i figured you might be asleep i broke my cell phone a few weeks ago only way to get me is at the house i called you at the house oh yeah:? did you go to sleep after you left the message weird ? "nah, i watched a movie" until liike 12 11 but didn't hear the phone ring? Oh MAN! i rang you back that sucks "yeah, it does" you saw Love Actually though ? no no Aunti Mame Oh how was last night? hahahaha we just stayed in and I watched Friday After Next while jess slept nothing big at all sucks man Andy and I didn't get up until 4 i totally thought that you went to bed was a slothful day totally i spend the day wrapping gifts and such very slothful i've got maybe one gift to wrap ha ha! bitches are gettin air for christmas i found kate the coolest shirt oh yeah? what kind? the Teen Wolf shirt that the kids wear in the movie the blue tshirt oh NO SHIT YEAH! dude how hot is that ?!! she is gonna flip yeah i couldnt believe i found it where was it> an Ebay store god bless ebay they the shit you searched for TEen Wolf? teen wolf shirt and i found it crazy pretty amazing i called her and elft a message she sounds like she's pretty busy these days yeah she was busy all weekend yeah holiday season at norstroms what is yr schedule this week? any early morning wakings? working tomrorow and i think that's it "i have to run it by jess, but you want to come over tomorrow night then" ? sure thing if it's cool with her i mean im sure it is all we have to do is laundry cool i will give you a ring but i gotta run now ok catch you later yo broseph tuesday is not going to be any good because it turns out :( the guidance counselor at the high school i work at wants me to tutor her kid for the SATs for $20 an hour kool yeah np but listen at the Ruba on Wednesday there is a cool party it's right behind silk city ok.. joey is spinning funk music and jess is playing my 80s records ERASURE AND TEARS FOR FEARS oh yeah i've been meaning to tell andy about that he'd love it yes. did i tell you that i am giong to be in music video directed by Hedwig himself? eys bring andy you'd guys have a blast it should be a good time "nope, you didn't" plus i get to hear my records hehehe heh oh fuck. brb k "sorry buddy, here i am" np i'm so bored right now yeah i am surprisingly swamped i got an email from Sam Chapman today he is living in the mission in SF and working at a law firm wait Jim Morrison Sam? the one and only christ I know right office bitch? for the most part he likes? he loves it out there it's very up his alley how long has he been? about a month but he got a job and is looking at a place today i said BE CAREFUL when looking for places in SF yeah i just recall the storeis he's going to stay in SF or go into Oakland? SF somewhere on the bay i don't think it's as bad as it used to be do you ever hear from Pete? from time to time but not since November when the fucking phone died again ? he's doing well last i talked to him he was saving up to move out of mom and dads good to hear and was working on the Kerry campaign oh no shit but now that that is defunct i dont know what he is doing he was taking writing classes at Pitt gotta pee brb k k back but i am getting ready to leave ok see you wednesday thenM? please come oh and dress up i am wearing a suit dress up how? hmmm ok i will call you on weds ok "peace, brother" laters T man i didnt get to say goodbye bigons i know! i was like "what happened to tedi" "" "Please, take no offense" no worries you know how i exit my good bye was telling imri to fuck off "Yeah, fuck Tom Cruise" he's a putz pretty much an egotistical putz hence the Tom Cruise title i love the fact that kate mocked him to his face the first night she met him HA ! Kate my love She said "So you're that guy that thinks all the girls want him" coupled with "Damn. You're plastic" LOL LOLOLOLOLOL KATE kate is so hard TEdi we're going to go steal her cause he was hitting on her and she said that flat out he looked so confused like it was the first time a woman rejected him and then kate and i laughed our asses off I've thought he was a turd from the get pretty much sorry to say that we've tried to be nice to him so last night was a hoe down fun fun yes very nice do you and andy want to catch a movie tonight with jess and i? possible i know not what Andy needs im seeing what is at the bridge he's been away from his house for days but that may be the easiest thing to do i've got some seirous cleaning to do wait. say that again? oh roger "well either way, man" and Mikey he is a good one keep this one around oh i love em he is very good for you you can see it in how you two interact there is a visible balance heh he deals with my rawness pretty well "which, i hate to say, most can't" heh yeah i'm waiting to see what breaks first my rawness or his ability to keep his mouth shut "mikey - in all the years ive known you, the rawness has never subsided" that's like the essence of you yeah... i hope he likes it ok well your frankness about things is commendable i'm going to run some errands ok i will talk to you later about the movie and so forth i'll catch up with you when i see A\ peace laters chieftan Hi Ted mikey waht up? merry late xmas! getting the day started and to you! how's your fam? great good deal kate sends her love thanks kate i love her too how was the holiday great so far my mom is visiting we're going shopping today anyway we're out "mmmm, that sounds lovely" ok just wanted to say hi we are giong to jersey today but i will hit you up tomorrow ok chief enjoy peace yo i got yr text with the number what are you doing new years? Andy is having a party for new years. What are you all up to? We were giong to a friend's in S. Philly. Matt Wick's where does andy live? West P His roommates are playing at the five spot and then bringing the party over i think hmmmmmm sounds interesting should be fun Andy's going to dj oh yeah! ? what times? no set times prolly for a while "is maria going over there, cause i really don't want to see her" "she and joey say they're coming, but i think she's going to leave early because joey has to work" ok then "yo i am going to call you later about tonight,c ool?" ok. maria might be going to Ben Langsfeld's party too ok well so i don't know what the deal is i just don't want to be there when she is that;s all right oh and i have something for you little surprise oh yeah? heh ! i like surprises yo call my work cellphone ok 2159640242 ok "how you doing, brother?" decent tedi how are you? im ok been stressed from work a lot latelly i feel you is it getting better? yeah a bit but not out of the woods i wanted to invite you and andy to jess and my split bday event next Friday Dinner at Chili's then giong to Wizzards downstairs! mmmmm Chili's haha! coolio PJ is coming oh yay!! def yeah and i think kate is coming up i'll tell andy NO SHIT yeah maybe it should be fun sounds like it well i'm gonna cook bfast yeah catch up with you later? i am tlaking to emily she is upset yes ok laters i will catch up with you later we'll talk this weekedn ok hey "i have to run over to my office, but i wanted to chat" are you going to be on long?: this is maria mikey? Tedi! whew it's you! how are you? decently decent how you be? good man very good Hows the new position? new position? you mean dogggy stylez? didnt you become a boss of the plumming company ? haha i'm the boss of me well that is known it's pretty good making great money hard work well the good money is hard work unless you work for the school district i miss you man heh yeah we're all pretty spread out we tried to get intouch with you for our joint bday thing oh yeah? do you have my new cell #? Yeah did you get my messages? OH NO what is it 215.964.0242 ok good yeah pj came down and we were both like where the fuck is mikey? i left a bunch of messages on yr machine i figured you had to get a new phone or something i only check it like every month how's andy? awesome he's moving in this weekend YAY!!! yup we;re taking seperate rooms whose room? tom cruise's? Miune I'm taking Alberts ahhhhhhh oh wow that is so cool man what's up with you two? andy sez we are the happiest little hermits "let's spend time with them" yes!!! oh Tedi i know exactly what you mean we've been hibernating yeah i mean we are very happy just hanging out iwth each other i am finding less and less reasons to go out on the town we went to a cool party last weekedn at the Khyber but ended up leaving early anyway and happily watching From Dusk Till Dawn at the house There's a gay night at the Khyber that I want to check out really?! yeah good for the khyber one of the owners of Spacedog throws a monthly there have you heard that gay rap group from here? for fags who hate the music they play at fag clubs VIP? VIP yes hilarious Know them very funny stuff i like any over the top stuff that is taken seriously ha like that band Muscle Factory they get lots of press that's fo sho have you seen muscle factory? they are a band that sings about working out HA must find and has weight lifters on stage that and the signer does bench presses while singing songs like "Pumping Makes You Powerful" and "The Spotter" where did you find this? the lead singer Darren Fanizio has a bunch of concept bands all ove rthe city and a i read aobut this documentary on him and so when they palyed Jess and I went HILARIOUS you would love it and the rest of the band besides Darren is these pastey dorks but for the most part Jess and I happily stay in most of the time we want to go check out the Dali exhibit but that's about it "we joined a gym, which, along the lines of Muscle Factory, I am loving" yeah me too which gym? and i want to go see hot hot heat "Andy sez, ""they're good" and this jazz pionist i love is playing at penn in april you guys should come see hot hot heat with us its like 15 a ticket when is it? march 10th i think at the TLA "andy sez ""that would be a good show" "tell andy, ""I love the first album, nad want to get hte new one. I think the show will be genius!!" but listen man i have yr new number and i have a meeting now so i have to go happy meeting Tedi yes we need more of them let's have coffee or soemthing soon if nothing else yes! i will call you soonly "peace, brother" and chicken grease yo i need yr number again "this is mikey, yes?" 2159640242 yar cool thanks man i am with kids now kids! eat them lol i am with my fav kid Shante we are getting out at 1 schools closing yay! ought to close soon shit is comin down like a hard nigga lol but white ok well i hav eto get back to this shiz but i will be calling you you and andy should get tickets to Hot Hot HEat we can pregame at our place yay! sound good? good tell andy ya aye 30 bucks for 2 not bad ok talk to you later the kdis are getting restless laters "yo, i am sure Andy has this record, but have you heard the Secret Machines: Now Here is Nowhere?" hot balls! It's grand! on my mac lol i figured ive been meanign to get the album for months and andy's pretty much in charge of my music these days finally got it last weekend LOL good. boy's got taste it needed outsourcing anyway have you thought about the hot hot heat show? we want to go get tickets man!! how to get? go to the TLA on South St. and buy them they are 15 a pop no service charge ah so if you go to the box office ok will do "also, ask andy if he has heard the new fischerspooner 12" ok prob not I am dying to hear it but havent found it anywhere "yeah, get tickets for the show. it will be a hoot!" when is the show? March 15th i think "also, Nine Inch Nails are coming to Philly in may" at the E factory very hush hush show ticketmaster doesnt even know when the tickets are being released yet lol oooo![ but 45 bucks a ticket that i want to see i think i'd pay it my friend james told me about it he always has the skinny on this stuff "yeah, i think id pay it too" 1994 all over again gotta run talk later get tix! laters tedi HEY!!! hi hi did you get my message? in the bath got it while working what's up man nothing much "just wanted to see how you are what you are up to, so on so foth" been laying low for a few weeks yelling at people behind the curtain hahahahhaa "how so, good sir?" eh if youd rather not go into thats cool too "i told imri he was a cowardly, manic depressive drug addict who needed to be in therapy" and let me tell you that started the avalanche well he is i mean he's a 30 plus year old 15 year old girl who thinks she's tom cruise heh w/e well fuck that manbitch he says he's moving out i'm holding him to it good for you fuck that twat heh how was the hhh show? AMAZING those guys are GREAT live andy and i way more of a performance than expected keep saying we were going to go and then at the last minute his aunt and uncle invited him out to eat and made him PAY for it WHAAT? weird bullshit well yall missed a good show this i know and the secret machines played earlier that same week are you going to that NIN show? too much $ and it sold out both nights going to see H2O tonight at the First uni church what r yr plans? andy's got some hooha in town that supposebly is fun to hang out with hahahahah will see what kind of a mood he's in and then make suggestions "roger that, sir" "if you arent feeling the show, it is hardcore music, then perhaps post" "i miss you man, we need to hang out soon" yeah dude and enough of this saying we will for real after our trip at the end of April i'll be very sociable where you going? but that's too far away really Sicily and Rome COOL ah rome love that place i'm looking forward Andy wants to see you too we seriously talk about it all the time well yalls need to call ha we needs to quit honeymooning our asses all the tim e hahahahahha but the honeymoon is so lovely eh i'm over it i've turned into such a fucking manbeast all sensitivity lost all meat and potatoes and get me my paper bitch hahahahahah well not i still Ralph and Alice though of course there are i think it has something to do with being a construction workers worker singular LOLOLOLOL yar must yell to be heard kate misses you too mikey dirt under the fingers dude kate we were talking about it today and i need a day of being in the same house and throwing back wine or something i miss being a fag seriously it was so nice awwwwwwwwww your still a fag to me i have yet to meet Construction Tony he's mean as a snake and fiest y ha! and a republican well kate might come up next weekend oh yes? i am pushing for her to do it come come and not go to the beach with her new beau who the fuck goes to the beach now ? "weirdos, or polar bears" which beach is this? dude fat people in russia do it like it's their job i dont know what beach this dude is legit? "i think Ocean City, MD" she is testing the waters but she did introduce him to mamma and poppa bear and they liked him and lord knows my mother is brutal when it comes to sig others but she likes this nick boy of kate's and she loves jess so either she is lightening up losing it or really likes them i thought your mom was a pip pip? top drawer turns out by the by that my uncle lives on the same road you do in philly ? monkton NO SHIT no shiza wow of all the places to fucking live that's nuts! nice place been once farm land thats crazy though yeah he turned his into a little putting green not literally but HAAAAHAHAHAHAH there are definitely places you could take practice shots brilliant! fucking hilarious! no shit complete with waterfalled pool and soon to be old fountain courtesy of my dead grandmother awwwwww dirty bastards ha i like them fine they're top drawer really really just top drawer yr too much man i miss chatting with you no jews allowed you know LOL i watched this shizzy on HBO called Rich Kids yeah? fucking stupid On Demand fascinating only because i think i knew these people and just hated them at penn? yar probably i cnat belive there is a show called Rich Kids it's a documentary made by Jamie Johnson all i like on HBO is Carnivale and the occational Deadwood of Johnson & Johnson about all his friends the rest is shite WTF??! that sounds obnoxious pretty standard i think if i saw that you end up feeling sorry for most of htem i think that was his point i would unload rounds at 36th and walnut why sorry? poor little rich kids? they're fucked in the head and not all that different from simple people yes no one is really that different just different details so i'm going to wet my head and read some ok well you have my new number yar will use it maybe this evening going to dinner with daddums hope so ring me at some point and if i dont get it that means the speakers are loud and i am rocking away rock on man but LEAVE a message rock on oke doke and i will ring you back for post rockon details if you are interested yar laters peace mikey? Tedi this is you correct sir? yar ok good what are you up to this eve? no plans what's up? "oh i dont know really, but i kind of felt like possibly going out" that could all change once i eat dinner and get comotosed yeah i hear that but if you are interested in hanging my weekdays are pretty quiet have to get up at 6 i just wanted to see what yr up to yeah i get up at 4:30 no shit 0.475694444 yes sire yowza gym for your jizzob? OH yeah we the morning crew heh which is much better does jess go with you? every morning crazed i probably couldnt do it if i didnt have someone i hear that there to inspire and the same goes both ways i haven't been going lately i just cant go in the evening too much i figure yeah i should prob go before i head out i am fucking paying for it might as well use the shit ha "(i know, that was so elequently put)" eloquently i just wanted to know if you would be down to do something perhaps some poo; pool not poo HA nothing really concrete just seeing how you felt and if you might be on board "sounds like fun, but i usually put myself to bed around 9 or so.. last weekend turned into a nightmare, i'm hoping that after easter i'll have some freedom to go out on the weekends" ok thanks tho seriously not a problem honestly i know how it is fucking dave rings me all the time like let's rock and i say dave your in college yes i don't even party with Maria or Andy I send them out lol and now that i got all these new movies i just watch them All Japanese All the Time heh but i did watch anchorman those japanesee horror flicks? which is a hoot yeah comcast is going to get my ass end fuckers um yes Bye Tedi See you in two weeks! where you going? italy? yar cool have fun!!! thanks man i hope i will i've been thinking about your trip with the fam hope to have as much funny that youa re going there because an idea kate and i had there came to light or fruition and is now "some regional Norstrom line/term - ""Bambalam" oooo dig it i want to see what happens you will love Italy have a great time yes yes ok we're out take care ted i'll see you soon YO better right? oh definitely i hate gay.com but its my only gay connection LOL TRUE some of the boys are ok yea of course have you met any of them yet? yup yup! i've meet some pretty cool guys anyways ill talk to u when i get back if u are still on ciao ok enjoy todya omg. so beautiful outside! def did you get to play a little ? hehe well i had gone there to help out..but they had closed our table! so i called my friend to see what was up..and so we just chilled for like 2 hours and there were lots of hot guys walking around :-P hehe on campus? hell yeah *sigh*...penn has so many hot people TRUE well kept definately anyways off to class i go ok *sigh*.. class. enjoy hey cute mikee how are u? decent tolly where did you go out tonight> I went to 12th air RIGHT you said this someone was telling me about the asian drag night said it was fun i've never been to 12th air lol its ok depends on a nightg so what re u looking for? "sex , friends or dating?" sex mostly friends if it works dating after that kool u bottom? yup mostly you? top you use condoms or bb > > "with my bf, bb" u have a bf? not right now ok we shoudl meet I like u a lot thanks i think we should meet too kewl I d come now but IA m so tired I definetly ll come tomorow ur beautiful thanks "tomorrow is getting kind of full, but i'll make time for you" I wish u came here for the night i'm am so very beat sme here but i wana kiss u you could come spend the night with me. i totaly would but septa isnt runing now no car here u got one? nope lets meet tomowo then I ll come over ok so ur on 13thand lombard? yup ok when would be best to come? probably in the evening? ok u gonna be home all day? i think so ok i've made no plans ok I wanna be with u now kissing y ou can you take a cab? u have nude pics? I can but I dont have cash ok. neither do i no pics ok I am gonna go lay down I ll call u tomowow sleep well hey how are u? u there? hello? how are u? decent you? not bad hungry about to make dinner i just got home going to lay down for a while i think kool where were u? went to see Resident Evil wow kool with whom? just me babe u shold of told me I d go with u oh babe I Wish you told me DOnt ever go alone I ll go with u ok u are tpp beaituful to go to movies alone ha i like to go alone sometimes 267 252 44 07 my number did you see exorcist? not yet wanna go together? I ll hold ur hand heh sounds like fun kool when do u wanna g? maybe next weekend? this week is full ok do u still wanna meet? sure "do u have TV""?" downstairs cuase charmed will be with Nick leshey oh yeah? what time back so u want me to come or u can come here? you're welcome to come here. i'm going to rest and maybe watch another movie which ones u have? i have manyy kewl when is good to come? sooner is better than later give me an estimate time 6:30 - 7:00 well I didnt eat dinner yet ok have u? yup oh is that ok if I come 8 to 9? i'm probably going to bed around 10 or so hmmmm well maybe I ll get something on a way where areu again? 1308 rodman where is it? btwn south & lombard off broad do u have apt number? no house well do u have phone I can call in case? 215 546 1642 ur name again? mikee :) ok may I watch charmed>? sure ok I gonna get ready then ok u live alone? no with whom? "maria, imri, al" ur roomies? yup oh u have a private room? yup do u wanna mess around tonight? yup u have everytyhing? yup ok u bottom? often ok ok I am gonna get ready then k hi what's up its me gay.com yup Mikee r u free tonight? tom here yup nice r u more bottom or top vers depends nice more of a bottom tho im into oral love to rim sweet i love it http://neocyde.net/art/smile_small.jpg nice none that show more http://neocyde.net/art/built.jpg nice small tight little body cut? yup cute butt? def sweet. how hung? 6c you? almost 9 thick nice stats? 6 185 italian masc. "big muscular legs, trimmed pubes, balls" etc nice pics? lol. u seem to have a hairy chest... i keep it trimmed i do too. cool "u dont have any ass or cock pics, i guess" right nah not here "ok, sorry" "well, i generally need those" "but good luck, man," OOOOO today's really nice also! yup i went to Rittenhouse a little while ago hehe i was walking around campus are people out on the green? there are always people out on there ha class today? yea going.NOW! hehe ttyl laters its a beautiful day in the neighborhood. OMg its just hot today in the shade it's not so bad i'm outside lol u probaly don't even work i just opened up GoLive for work what's that Web design oo hmm lol what are you up to? i just came back form trying to get a bday present i came back empty handed :( its sad awww who's it for? my friend in atlanta make something like... i could get a tshirt ha make a book how do u make a book?? fold the pages in half and sew them together haha hmm how old is this person? he's turning 22 is he q? haha i guess so no confirmation yet? you could get him a hooker haha i am not getting him a hooker :P how about a gift certificate to iTunes? he doesn't have it how long have you known him? a year how did you meet? online have you met him in person? nopes he lives in atlanta "well, what did consider while you were out shopping?" a shirt a bear? is this someone you want to date? no i have a bf LOL why don't you make him a mix cd? nah well i could buy him a cd cause i know he loves piano music what else is on the agenda today? just class and i might go see kill bill 2 which class? psychology hey hey hi how are ya well thank s and you? good good just at work where is work? i work in the info center in the quad anyways...g2g! ttyl ok laters hey ya hi howzit? its sooooooooo hot in my room LOL i thought they put air conditioners int he quad they did but they haven't turned it on!! hahaha i don't wanna hear it that's what i had to live in it's really now outside what are you doing in your room>? im abotu to leave ttyl! laters hey hey hi what's up not much just took 2 finals thank goodness its over is that it then? nopes i have one thursday what ar eyou doing this weekend? ugh brb k back what's up nada.. just chillin hehe why aren't u at work? i am haha online?! tsk tsk tsk hey i'm in the g.com room too hehe i know i see u! u are so not working i am a multitasking individual uh huh i bet between chatting and looking at porn? LOL jk no porn rollovers ok you're right i'm not working what are you doing? not working LOL i refuse to do anything today cause i had 2 exams so that's my excuse good plan i want to graduate as do i umm u already graduated no diploma didn't u graduate from wharton? this yeaer oooo i thought u were done already pretty much done nothing left to do but get a grade ahh lol that's exciting are u staying in philly? or leaving staying for now ahh that's cool u get to spend more time with me LOL jk jk only if you moe out of west p u don't live in w. philly i thought ul ived in cc i work in cc live in the suburbs ahhh hey hi whats up? not much been hanging out with friends drinking scotch what's up with you? "not much, goign to bed soon" "yeah, me too i think" when did you go to penn? seeing what' sup here first tho 97-2004 long time what year are you i graduated in 02 ok which school? sas you? wh cool trade pics? sure upennboy@aol.com k sending sent ? cute sent tx your first pic's a little different from the others few years ago short hair where are you at? rittenhouse what are you looking for/ company would be great you? you're looking to hook up? yup "oh ok, i'm not really" ok np do you meet many friends here? on manhunt? yup met oen guy good deal then it works i guess i haven't tried yet you have a bf? "nope, single by choice" for a while gotcha may change soon but ok haven't made an effort to change have you a bf? nope are you in the market? i mean i'm open to options what's your type? "sorry about that, got disconnected" np i had just asked what your type was oh i dunno if i have a specific type - i know more what i don't like which is "i don't really like femme guys, hard core partiers, the guys that everybody seems to know at bump or woodys" u? um i like dancers kids with experience and that are well put together sounds good "well i'm gonna go to bed, maybe we can hang out sometime" ok sleep well you too night buddy list me laters k hey hi whats up? work what's up with you school "we talked the other night, right? just making sure i have the right guy" i believe so you went to penn undergrad right? yup ok cool what do you do now? i'm a comptroller for a fashion designer nice what does a comptroller do ? logistics mostly tell me again what you study? i'm in law school Wow. We need to meet in person if for no other reason than to cement your image in my head. what do you mean? I know a few people over at Penn now just through AIM. oh i don't go to penn law better to have a mental image "temple law, went to penn undergrad" ok you probably know the gay penn law boys everybody knows a few and an italian PhD and an undergrad cool how old are you? 25 cool maybe i knew you when i went to penn oh yeah? I'm Mikee i was in Wharton mike or mikee? Mikee ok "i'm scott, i was in the college" don't think i knew any mikees http://neocyde.net/smile_small.jpg cute pic but don't look familiar you graduated in 02? yeah were you ever at Zete's? what's that? it's the fraternity on 34th and Walnut next to Hill House "oh, no i wasn't" where did you hang out? "well i live on pine, with 6 people, we mostly came downtown more than doing stuff on campus" no shit did you have many gay friends at Penn? sorry- got disconnected np what did you say? i says did you have many gay friends at Penn? "oh, not that many- wasn't really out till 2nd semester senior year" dated a few guys though you? maybe two are you out? oh yes were you out at school? sophomore year spring fling that was your coming out party? ha eh i started fucking this guy and i just didn't care who knew anymore gotcha well my roomates suspected when they knew i spent a lot of time with a guy who was more obviously gay i know what that's like turns out my roommate in the quad was gay when did you find out? maybe senior year too bad too yeah that could've been a fun freshman year ha we were so stupid then you didn't suspec thim? we DID just didn't say anything never played with him? not once that makes me sad and horny an odd combination ha do you have a pic? "yeah, didn't i send it yesterday?" you sure did then yes i have one ha i'm behind today all day this is the after effects of tuesday and i should just quit now "yeah, do that" did you go out last night? i had friends over cool where do you live? 13 and lombard "cool, close" where are you at? rittenhouse i used to live in that neighborhood i love the park "yeah, i'm on the park, if i turn my head all the way to the right i can see the park" i used to be able to work in that park at my last job when did you graduate? this year took 7 years from undergrad? i see how come? thesis ah ok you go out a lot? many times this month not so much where to? usual places? actually mostly straight clubs a few particular bars dirty franks cool pen and pencil where's that? fiso lounge ha you know what "i always go with friends, and they're usually in charge" gotcha where do you spend your nights? "during the week when i have school mostly doing work or if i go out usually in rittenhouse, otherwise i like old city or sometimes bump or manayunk" and i go to nyc a lot still there? yeah sorry working ok i'll talk to you later then "ok, enjoy your afternoon" you too hey hi whats up? in the bath what's up with you liar truth "just got in, avoiding work" you're in the bath? and online? yes interesting efficient what if you get electricuted? my powerbook doesn't have enough juice "although, it might be fun to try sometime" when i can afford another one i'm confued confused y? so you're not in the tub? i am "in the tub, that is" brb back k i'm out now wonderful naked and sudsy? brushing my teeth i think you're playing nope one of the many benefits of having a macintosh i have a mac good i don't use it in the tub though to each his own much better what? i feel much better now ok "well i'm gonna go to dinner, talk to you later" laters hey hi whats up? resting. i rearranged my room cool what's up with you going out tonight? doing some work yes where to? haven't decided cool you? dunno yet i should do work what kind homework do you have much hell yeah then get to workin i guess i can do it at the same time do what at the same time do work and talk on here ah i'm looking at hurricane pictures sounds like a good time i think it's a function of boredom who you going out with? "maria, joey, natalie, as far as i know" "oh, of cours" ? of course of course what nevermind ok i just bought an armoire i'm very pleased with it nice quite so much for a nap no nap? no can't sleep "try napping in the tub, you're productive in there" i've taken a shower earlier hey hi whats up? catching up with old friends what's up with you? "not much, in new york" visiting? yeah for the holiday happy rosh hashanna thanks same to you? not jewish ok is that how it's spelled? sorta ha it's like the new year right? yup go me how is your family? fine going home tomorrow are you going out tonight? "nah, not on the holiday" last night? was still the holiday is there a standard operating procedure? "sorta, eat at night, synogogue during the day" all day? from like 9 - 230 ok i can dig it right where is your temple? mine's in the philly burbs we're at my grandmothers brooklyn? long island i've never been out that way you must have had friends from penn from long island many well i knew a lot of people i guess but strangely none of my good friends were from "weird, that's unusual" more connecticut/mass andover there and montclair NJ well at least you got NJ ha anyway i should sign off my father's family is from jersye ok i'll talk to you later laters hi hi again :) I am Vic Mikee "with two ""e""s?" yes how do you pronounce it? Mikey nice :) so where were we mikee? at this point i'm at a loss to say so i say we start again "i am starting to like you, my man" :) so anyway.. i was saying you are a catch oh now i remember and i was saying that you said it was a liability sometimes oh you got that much good so tell me more why? it makes for difficult introductions and endings i see seriously i thought we introduced ourselves quite nicely actually not to say all of them just the ones of a more personal nature ah you mean sexual encounters? those that could potentially be however sex hahaha is dead for me mostly lol same here i want someone i really really WANT ya know? someone whose intelligence i am attracted to "believe it or not, wharton sucks on that count" as does penn the intelligence factor? lol yeah now that i can see i am not very impressed with wharton's caliber it is all talk in my impression it is a very mediocre institution that was my impression while i was there and remains to be so too academic i wasn't very engaged too theoritical too stuffy too arcane too quantitative i am not too engaged myself will you finish? "well, if i don't find something better to do, probably" "but if I do find the right people to start my dream company, fuck no" i wouldn't either although i did come back at the request of my family "yeah, i feel like i've already wasted too much money" it took me seven years to finish hmm how old are you? 25 ok so you just finished i did nice congratulations thank you did you walk on monday? i walked in 2001 i see hmm i am confused lol 18 + 7 = 25 you are 25 yes did you start college early? no haha anyway ? it;s not important no now i'm confused we must have closure lol ok you said you tool 7 years to complete your defree yes ok so assuming you started at 18\ yes you'd be done at 25 yes i'm 25 "and you don't wlk until you're done, right?" walk no i walked in 2001 because i only had one more credit to finish oh and it took me 2.5 years to finish hahahahahahhaha don't laugh you stuck it to them it was a thesis 8 years is the limit i am laughing at wharton not at you well i did stick it to them :) all kinds of paperwork are you a fan of music yes. mostly classical i listen to music almost constantly are you listening to anything now? yeah what mahler's symphony 6 i've been workign on a composition today that's doing ok wait yu compse music? you compose? some fairly recently i quit when i was 12 oh my what kinda music? ambient mostly i see do you play an instrument? i have played both piano and trumpet ok i am in love "ugh, don't be" i am these things just happen and it just happened lol i suppose however you stand warned uh oh what? lol nothing but warned abut what? falling in love with nothing nothing? i disagree i think you have a lot to offer these are very small things footnotes really someone who recognizes these as footnotes is surely worthy of my attention worthy to be sure but oh no but forget it i'm being argumentative silly really point is there are many faces here you are being adorably cute i like what i see where were you reared? hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhaha i almost fell off my bed y? nothing it was just an adorable way of asking where i grew up it was spontaneous ok mikee Vic i am growing quite fond of you :) "ok, you're allowed, for now" "i wasborn in india, raised there for a bit, and the rest in texas" quite the combo yup i can switch from indian to texan accents quite effortlessly :-D are you as passionate about Pakistan as my CEO? passionate? as in hate? eh if you so please no "actually, i think india is way beyond pakistan now" most indians are fixated on china now not pakistan pakistan is america's problem now what with all the nuclear leaks and the mullahs china is a problem? for india? hell yeah huge they fought a brief but brutal war in 1962 china basiically raped india and still holds large swathes of territory how much fun would it be to have 2 billion people at war hehe some quick population control both nuclear powers yeah it would be fun except for the fucking himalayas or else we could just have two billion folks running at each other now THAT would be fun to watch you'd have to have a wide angle lens yeah.. very wide but doable i think we should model it first at a National lab you think? so we can compare results it'd just be a billion red dots and a billion green dots smashing into each other not too exciting green dots and blue dots turning into red dots then black dots piles of dots i wonder if they would procreate? hmm.. yeah.. that would be an interesting twist to the program although i don't see people fucking on the frontlines i would hell yeah haha are you a fucker or a fuckee? depends on the drugs at hand i see <joke? i have no preference i see i am a total top.. for the record have you tried the other side? nope doesn't sound like you have any plans to i've never really been curious about bottoming maybe i will with a guy i reeeeeeeeeeeeaaaly like for what it's worth it's a lesson worth having haha how hung are you? 6c thick? decently ok.. are you smooth or hairy? trimmed oh where is the hair? along the front side of my body oh your butt and stuff is smooth? yes why do you ask? cos i adore smooth guys strike one do you like to bottom? sometimes ok.. i love to top i need a guy who loves to btm "here i will insert the reminder that i'm not looking for a relationship, or sex for that matter" i know you told me that already i am being persistent :) the line of questioning infers otherwise lol "well, i do want to date someone" and you seem perfect that may be a tragedy why? because i'm not prepared to participate "haha, why not?" policy of truth hmm? it's just the guidelines i live by my last bf was the last was it a bad experience? each of them care to talk about it? "not particularly, it's in the past" but it clouds your future "actually, no" and i am very keenly intersted in your future i'm much happier this way so please? please? tell me what happened? that requires a very complex response for which i have no place to begin or the energy to complete let us at least start was it due to infidelity? some ah and the rest? miscommunication? i see really i can't say it was obscure my relationsips have been remarkably good i have to say and i am dying for another why so urgent? cos i am a loving guy.. i am sick of waking up alone in bed i am sick of hugging my pillow i want someone to hold and love and care for "in my world, that person is me" i want that to be my world too :) where that person is you LOL no no you see were we to transfer the metaphor you would care for yourself and not about me lol i am not transfering the metaphor i am adapting it to my taste your adaptation perverts the raw materials there a reasons quite good ones for remaining and i'm going to sleep very soon waaaaaaaait talk to me mikey mikee you should give me a chance we should hang out get a cuppa coffeee who knows? we may be each other's perfect mates you're missing the point and that's why i don't think we should what is the point? i'm Not Interested in Anything with Anyone it's not personal it's intrinsic to the incarnation i have right now i still want to hang out "well, chat me up again sometime and we'll see where it goes" sure thing i really enjoyed our chat today thank you for it oh stop the pleasure was all mine enjoy your night we should talk music sometime sure thing do you like classical? "i do, but i'm not terribly familiar with it" ok "well, i can introduce you toit" cool laters bye babe hi hi Vic sup? i'm sitting in the dark what's up with you lol where are you? at my desk at home ? yup lol hey show me your pic again. i wanna save it oh ha that's a little weird LOL lol no no no not for anything sick just to remember your face as i chat i put a new one up in my g.com profile today oh what is your gay.com name? neocyde ah yes :) hot lol thanks sure so why in the dark? less heat lol hahahahahahha come over.. let's watch a movie we'll go rent something and i have a/c lol no travelling for me i've been at it all weekend me too actually i just got back from DC actually i should go shower lol "yeah, i might have to take another" whoa.. is that your chest hair in the pic? yup ok.. we are gonna have to stay friends lol u there? yup whatcha upto? nothing has changed lol.. still in the dark? yup hahahahaha you are adorable i need to get laid Pure is open tonight i've never been now's your chance lol go with me "no, thank you" lol you're not taking this heat well i've been around ppl all weekend oh ? what did you do? just being the social butterfly ah i see i am watching pprincess bride :) i'm watching myself hahahahaha you are so adorable what are you watching yourself do? take a bath you are not taking a bath are ya? no so how are you watching yourself take a bath? i made a video of it lol are you serious? yes on friday lemme see http://www.neocyde.net/gettingclean_medres.mov very creative tx freaky sometimes lol on purpose ah i see good stuff tho.. good stuff you have one of you jerking off? lol no ok hi hi ok mike i have to go shower ok :) "we'll chat later, ok?" sure we can bitch about wharton hehe\ later you coming tomorrow jackal and hyde? yes i'd like to I'll put you on my list for reduced <smooch> thanks :) you're playing downstairs? ho that's a different night wait no... ian and I are playing from 10 to midnight in the basement you are "ok,,!" tomorrow full name please Michael Edgcumbe are you bringing anyone? I might bring Maria Cipollone if that's cool that cool... she's added. :) you're the bestest i'm putting together my list now no you are :D no no no :) hey ok... wha wha whateva... i started a livejournal you the best and you can shout your word hole otherwise nice! "i looked for yours and it said ""deleted and purged" LLOL i need to know how to do that! i had one but it was depressing... so I had a sacrifical deletion ok brb ok ok back welcome welcome how you been i been good i'm ready for a fuckin vacation tho how bout you? me too i got to wait till June thou "yup, me too" then im going to TX oh YEA ? yay! land of sexy asian grrls yeah I'm flying out to TX to help Misa move here. I'm driving back here with her no SHIT. "dude, that's awesome" yeah it's crazy.. i didn't know she had worked out a move here? we've been working it out since she left and you have a plan man that's great it's a half ass plan but yeah... it's a plan I got grilled by her mom the other day whoa first question: what are your intentions? hHAHAhaaaa "i was on muscle relaxers, a percocet, and 3 rum an cokes..." but I think I did well so at least you took time to think about it lol I charmed her oh yea? she likes you now? even thought she said that if I even so much as make her daughter cry... no amount of money will stop her from finding and killing me that's AWESOME good for HER yeah i laughted when shesaid it and told her I will keep that warning in a special place in my heart she liked that response i bet you charmed the socks off her you sly boy you yeah... I don't even know if her friends know about me i'm going to have to be uber charming when I get there in order to leave TX alive... and with her. heh so she's getting everybody ready for it? "or is it going to be like, ""SURPRISE" yeah her and I are in like full on love... im hoping there's some prep... but either way... it's going to be grillin time when I'm there Like a 4 days long job interview ha speaking of which i have interviews next week NICE!! good luck!!!! "yup, i really want it to work out" imma gonna be a teacher WHAT!?!?! all boys school!?!?!!? ha :p i fucking wish gym teacher "now hit those showers boys!" "" http://preppics.com/ heh "i'll be in there in a minute with the soap" um no english ha just until i can apply to grad school but probably to young kids like what will you be teaching no-hair LOL you said no-hair LOL *slaps knee* that i did too bad though i'm such a lecher LOL http://www.preppics.com/cgi-bin/imageFolio/imageFolio.cgi?direct=Sports/Wrestling there you go LOL one of the q's i worked with last summer was a teacher at St' Joes so maybe in a couple weeks i'll have some good news i'm really going to try to come to this party tomorrow one way or the other if Maria doesn't show up i'll just go back to the office or something or maybe buy some great substance and walk around all night yeah that sounds like a plan :D everybody should be there it going to be a hoot heh a hoe-down yeah something liek that so what will you be teaching again? English to Japanese children i'm making a lesson plan that involves whistles and balloons and cake for my interview LOL nice... I WANNA GO TO THAT!! ha me and these kids are gonna have a blast and when the staff isn't looking i'm going to be subversive and make them watch Wavetwisters and shit LOL good good bend them when they are young... it's easier then heh let's go tagging kids call it a little field trip pick out your favorite lyric and write it on your desk LOL niiiiiiiice ok... I need to rest now... long day tomorrow. ":D see you tomorrow, tigger!" "ok. when you've got the chance, check out my livejournal at livejournal.com/neocyde" i can't wait peaches sleep well you too... and I'll check it out... promise :D nite! hi punky hey whats up "not much, about to go out and fly a kite" how are you doing? a kite really!?!? yup a stunt kite nice no idea how to fly the damned thing but we're gonna try "it's called the ""Addiction" word "yo, I'm happy I got to see you last night" me too!!! but I sort of regret not sticking around even after Maria and Tedi left i wish we could have hung out more i Know! but if i was going to see anything yours and Ian's set was it thanks *blush* i wish it was better but it worked for an opening set I played al ot of old tunes "dude, Maria Loved that music, and she's an OLD head" nice! tell her thanks! was she the one with the bronw hair yup that's my baby i never got introduced oh SHIT she's a cuty thou i tried to introduce her to everyone!@ "right now I'm veggin... got my 40, my mexican food, and my family guy" she says she wants to party with all of us in a Jamacian dance hall ha you made out all right last night? take her to Soma... it's as close to a regga dance hall as you are going to get in the city yeah I had fun i didn't get to see the sexy british dude with the semi-bald head play did you like it? I was hanging out with this girl I met on myspace... she uber hot and fun to dance with... I've decided to collect hot friends as to beautiful the scenery ha haha yeah but no... I was drunk all my friends are beautiful! i only associate with hot kids yeah me too... but i want more damn it... it's like pringles... you just can 't have one heh Wes silly did you go to Lisa's? nope... I wasn't in the mood for a drugged out morning.. I slept till 1 good idea now i'm relaxing yeah... I need to clear my head not confuse it i haven't even smoked pot for 2 weeks whoa! weston that's a great suprise how do you feel? bored haha but good i've been working 12 hours days for the last week... so there's no time for partying. I work then I sleep. somewhere in between... I talk to misa and fall a little deeper. is she one of the reasons you quit? hell NO!! she's a pot head time infinity oh yeah? I'm trying to get my head together it's good to take a break once and a while esp. before a big life change you mean her moving here? yeah... that's pretty big.... wouldn't you say? I also want to get this Live PA off the ground... that's why last night was my last DJ set for a while i just need to focus i feel that i never wanted to be a DJ... from minute one i wanted a Live PA... so I need to make that happen... before it's too late heh well make it happen but as long as you want it that's my plan it's not too late exactly.... i just don't want to lose the passion for it... can't do both... i find it hard to believe that you would must focus on one i never want to see it... even if it's not possible... don't risk it just because you don't believe it will not happen anything's possible... ha yes very ok brb... food time... ok i'll catch up with you laters i'll be back later :D :) thanks for coming out no problem dude i was glad you were there thank you for putting it together :) :D "weston, how are you my love?" good good busy will we see you tonight at dbotz? "working on misa's move, writing a new song, working, and today I get a new kitty" yes OH YAY wow! we're (me & ian) are going to Andrew engagement party first then we'll be back up and probably tanked send him my love i will :) i'll have a surprise for you when you get there REALLY! really really YAY! :D :) ok enjoy your day you too!! :) UGH! "congrats, bro!" oh hey thanks what's up? nothing... misa makes my head hurt sometimes... now she's not coming until god only knows like she's sooo unsure of things and it sucks because on the other side of that sometimes she is sure *bangs head against desk* women... *shakes head* deep breath like she wants to move here with me but she doesn't want to move here for me... and I'm cool with that... but she doesn't think I understand and she freaks when I tell her I do i know she's at a scary time but tht doesn't mean she has to do it alone... but I can't convince her of that it's kind of frustratiing.. i just want her here already... i'm thinking maybe it would be better if she did it on her own me too... sort of.. now... im just worries that she'll never get here... and i'll be left... right where I was before... alone... and very confused. boohiss heh i need a drink check it out the only way it's going to work is if you can be ok if it doesn't i know otherwise you're co-dependent but sometimes I think its going to work... then... it does' t like right now I could be hanging out with maria... but Im not because I might have this life coming up with misa so it's like im on hold for something that might not even happen for once in my life im getting attention... I don't know who's to accept being a monk fucking sucks! lol yup maria's nice and being friends with her will be cool... but she reminds me of misa it sucks why can't i just be a bastard like every other guy on the planet... being wholesome sucks! i could just spit *kicks dirt* Weston it's a point of view you can be wholesome and enjoy it or you can be dirty and not care but doesn't have to use two good things to make bad im confused just enjoy yourself right now and don't worry about what might be but what if it bites me in the ass "im scared, mike.. scared of ruining something I don't even know I have..." but at the same time... much easier to say that you made the decisions knowing you were happy i'm lonely.. "and really, you can keep making decisions that way" they work themselves out at least in my experience so far i guess I just don't want anyone to get hurt but I... maybe I can't prevnt that for the rest of my life... you absolutely should not fall before your fear if you're afraid of something you go out and do it BECAUSE you are afraid and by doing it you rid yourself of the fear and see what happens? and the lesson :( poop LOL i guess your right... life happens one way or the other today could end up interesting... then im going to hang out with maria... 've been putting it off becasue of fear don't be afraid of her maybe it's better this way.. its not her it the situation "we are ""playful"" people..." things that could happen.. is what I've feared. that's why i've been a monk.. because of fear don't be afraid go with it? it will work out hmmm... ok *hug* wish me luck luck "have a bitchin night, kitten!" you as well i'll tell her you said hello :) spanks :D "congrats agian, brain-e-ack!" :D thanks dude i appreciate it now go back to planning your world domination :D heh laters p's oooo... you're a little plotter... ;) buahahahaha she's really awesome thou i know this we had a great time hanging out i'm pleased but not by my design with yourself? was your own doing :p riiiiiiiiiiight seriously You put things into motion thou i'd rather just watch it happen lil plotter LOL stop not me i'm innocent denile is just a river in Jersey right behind me house Maria enjoyed herself as well im wanna go swimming no SHIT :D my pool has to cure for another week bofore it opens damn i like night swimming with no clothes *giggle* lil plotter :p HEH things just happen yep im just going to see what happens GOOD we talked about it for a long time that's what's best it was an incredibly honest conversation which is great and rare that's why i think you two should talk and by the by you found her all by yourself remember? i found you too at Fluid talking to each other sans introduction you introduced us at Transit.. i remember you doing that she was at transit ? LOL oh wes mmhm oh.... really *scratchs head* I thought I met her at fluid for the first time nope for future reference i was sober at transit i know i didn't meet her there because I was spinning and pissed of f breif we were dancing together i think i didn't get the introduction then Ian didn't you did adam and ian did i'm pretty sure about that wait maybe you're right was it the other way around? ian siad you were this a hot chick i never saw her OK well there you go you're still a lil plotter my surprise LOL i wanna swim so hot in sweaty here we used to crash the pool on top of the Sheraton im damn near naked right now so hot in here go outside! get hosed off maria's got a hose you should show up to her house with a kiddie pool LOL and go snorkeling i would too i know this oh i wanna go snorkling ;) haha bad kitty nooooo me? YES im wholesome shite didn't you get the memo oh i got it all right it's like common knowledge complete with comments oh really? haha highlighted and everything LOL :p i want a buritto with a pool next to it yes... a fiesta good times good times reminiscent of Carona yeah I heard about some of your adventures yesterday which ones were these? :D im not tellin LOL *giggle* well to be factual Maria just told me that you came over and she had fun and she was trying not to be too intense yeah... out of respect for Misa or more precisely yeah it was mellow out of respect for you just what i needed oh she's good that way she's one of my best something different... i told her she remeinds me of misa... and she does... I think they could be friends. they are hella similar i think that would be an easy thing yeah so good to hear al's dragging his new toy all over the place haha he's deep into his koolaid yep! :) its like christmas... only I didn't get shit! coal you get i got a 40 and a buritto now all we need is a pool and some pussy lol yeah... cats are cool ;) esp when you stroke them im sure you're good at that :p "the best, or haven't you heard" i didn't get that memo ;) oh then you have more stories to hear LOL im sure you have skill *giggle* it's like watching lesbian porn in order to learn how to eat pussy properly... :P "heh, practice makes perfect" nobody knows how to handle the stick like someone with the stick. I read that in a bathroom somewhere LOL 2679758514 printed right underneath "that's a ""help line"" number" :p use it sometime and see what happens LOL LOL niiiiiiice real classy it's like a land party in here so pathetic :p so listen kitty i'm still working for the man at the moment lemme know how things go ok will do *salute* :) "don't work too hard, kitty!" i wont' i've been shopping all day so :D it's a tough life really LOl Harry Potter 3 made my nipples hard. haha you like? LOVED dude i'm being attacked by june bugs they just want kisses *flush* no kisses for them i had an interesting day. it sucked... had to do everything I didn't want to do and now you don't have to do anything you don't want to do? but it turned out to be heaven. yeah The truth set me free. and the response to that truth gave me more hope than I could hold hope is like jello... you can't have too much. i like to take baths in it sounds like heavy stuff? I love maria. Maria loves me. Misa knows. Everyone's still happy. And everything is going to be ok. when does misa get here? don't know that for her to decide... the pressure is off. Now she can be free to do what she wants for herself. better I told her the truth and we talked for a while... it was good at least you know she's been a real friend this whole time yES! she said the only thing she asks is that I've never walk away. "And I told her we are ""friends for life""." just like I am with all of you. :) what a relief for you both thanks! :) "np chief, i'm glad you're enjoying your perspective a little mettter" betta oh... what are telling her? tisk tisk what did i say never mind.. she's confused that's nothing new LOL im confused like that too. she wants a mint julip just so you know sorry you lost your job... :( *hug* "eh, it's a pretty good thing in fact" it was bound to happen i know that feeling well i'm glad i found out when i did yeah... now you are free to move on to bigger and better things :) ha in the long run definitely i'm disappointed about not moving but it gives me the opportunity to take care of my Penn bill my dad wants me to start working with him in Jersey how well would that work...? probably stressful do you get along with him ha sometimes not going to be easy work but it's worthwhile well that's something wouldn't have happened this way if it wasn't the right thing to do yeah good outlook in the face of unfortunate events right just a change really that's cool. :) how's the house hunt going for you? horribly. oh man i'm now getting worried. it's sooooo hard finding a half way decent place for cheap in this city... not impossible... but very hard very true are you just looking in CC? yeah... and in the close surroundings i like being able to walk places without 30 minutes going by haa it makes the search harder im going to look at a place on Friday at 22 & spruce. that's a great neighborhood it's a basement apartment with a patio so I don't know but it's cheap and the area IS great definitely when i was looking for a single that's the area i thought would work out best i hope it does i'm getting frustrated but I have karma on my side... at least I hope I do. i usually do i'm sure it will work out you have options at least some but few it'll work out it has to I have to get out of here. before I knock Imri out ha i didn't get a response from him but so he knows... I was going to ask... but I decided I didn't want to hear him bitch i'm not worried about it really oh yeah don't be i called and left a message and also sent a message they have a month to find someone he'll just have to deal which with what they have should be easy it will be "i regret that it didn't work out way ahead of time for them, but i'm also not sure i was set up with the best situation if i did more in" move in he didn't believe I was moving for the first 6 times I told him was ha well i'm only telling him once good Maria's going to kill him... or whip him to shape... "yeah, and that's before she's even moved in" whatever happens first that's what he needs. but if he hits on her again... I'm going to hit him... hard. ha i wonder if he's ever been socked probably probably. he & I barely speak these days... when we do it's civil... but that's all me... i'm holding back until I move. i wanna slip out quietly. i can dig that myself has been piped up pretty often lately probably to my own detriment but for some reason i don't feel like putting up with bullshit yeah i know the feeling im sure you had things youi wanted to say to me. ha not really not nearly as many as maria wanted me to say but i've removed myself from the issue entirely really? it's probably safer that way LOL truer words have never been spoken trying to explain or question my mental issues is hard. Maria handles it well... but it's best to leave it up to her. She's keeping my interest just fine. um Wes And she controls my issues like no other my advice to you is to control your own issues oh I do. but she is the motivation... the looking glass. I see who I could be in her eyes... who I am :) who I forgot I was "yeah, she has a skill for elevation" but she's also human i know... that's why it's the buddy system... I try to give back what she gives to me. it good policy just as long as you give it back on both ends don't be her bitch it's unbecoming :p she's a tough cookie... you know... but oh so sweet. and tasty. ha "she's acts tough, that's for sure" HA i'm seeing that now... she's a soft cookie... like myself. ;) in some ways she is very vulnerable like everyone else i know as am I she fights back though we should start a club if you press her buttons it's borderline irrational boy do I knoww that but i totally understand how that happens we take turns being irrational and I also know when to step back and let her get it all out before I speak it's about... patience. im learning that again "yeah, i'm glad you two worked out your differences" i'm probably going to bow out of the scene for a while she'll need someone you can bow out of the scene (god knows I have) but don't you dare bow out from us. i'm just getting to know you...with her. "nah, i think it's going to be all inclusive. you and she will have your space, i'll be around but it's time to let that rest for a while" boohiss :( ha it's an unavoidable cycle that i go through ok i'm going for food i'll catch up with you later enjoy your night I can only say this one thing before I leave from work... thank you for bringing Kim to your party. :) she came on her own but no problem I had fun thanks!!!! yw have a great night!!! you too Kim's coming tonight to go dancing. You wanna join us? Also... she said to check your email. hey hi "what's ""spider"" solitaire?" "thanks, this is much easier than trying to talk through mancunt" ha TRUE "it's like solitaire, obviously, but with more cards, and more rules." double deck? yes do you play with a real deck or on the computer? PC do you play anything else? i used to play reversi a lot hmmm you got me again also called othello ah better cards are one of my secret loves but not many people i know play oh yeah? def spades hearts bridge ueker euker "i don't play much... just spider solitaire, when i'm bored" slow day then? "yeah... been kinda crazy lately, i got all stressed out yesterday with some things. so i decided to do absolutely nothing today." good choice "i just started a new job that keeps me wound up, so i think i'm getting into the weekend warrior thing" only this little injun is pretty wounded haha fashion design? yeah recent Office Bitch "very cool. i'm an artist, so i can appreciate any kind of creative job." what's your medium? "oil, film, paper & pen, whatever works." i paint and write mostly i feel that i was an art director for a year before this job first time i ever really tried to make a living at it i like to do it on my own more tho right now i'm sculpting something for my dada dad nice what is it? "it's a head. they usually end up being self-portraits, but i don't use a model" do you have any of your drawings scanned in? "no drawings, i haven't drawn anything in years and years... i paint portraits" "and unfortunately, i don't have anything scanned" "but i'm getting prints of some things soon, and i'll request a copy on disk from the printer..." "yeah, it would be great to have an online portfolio" that's what i plan to do is that your full time work? "no, i work fulltime at an upholstering shop" no shit how did you leaern yeah "i'm apprenticing there. i get paid for it, though." that's sweet! "yeah, i love my job" how long will you study? "there's no real plan. i started doing menial tasks, and when my boss had time to train me on something new, he did. he goes at his own pace, so i have no idea really." how did you meet him? "i told an aunt of mine that i wanted to get into upholstering, and she knew a guy who had his own business, so she talked to him for me." do you get to pick out fabrics? oh no... customers get to do that "so, you're going to find this a little nuts, but, when i saw your profile i thought it was one of the most interesting ones on that site.." i think it's the pictures thank you who took them? i took the default pic... a friend of mine took the other one. do you have any other pics? sure let's see if this works ok sup buddy hi just getting ready for bed... I'm beat no kidding where is it you work? "I work for the hotel, ti's just a busy weekend b/c of the penn thing" right it's always mad on campus hehee a lot of cute guys tho "often, yes" hard to date most are not out "really, I thought Penn students pretty out" not many not in my experience "I'm sure you will find someone, you're cute" oh i'm not really in teh market i'm done with bfs ok what do you mean? i've had enough boyfriends to put the whole idea away lol have you had many? just got out of a relationship... how long? 2 yes yrs I'm happy but sometime I'm sad.. don't know why was it mutual? yeah... still friends how about you? it's been about 2 years since i've had one oh... hmmmmm you're a player? hehe no not really i keep a fairly tight ship :) are you looking for a new bf.? I'm just looking for friend to hang out... I don't have much freinds in philly b/c they mored to nyc "if someone right come along, dating and take it slowly...." but I'm enjoying my single "i bet" "Hey, do you have any more pic?" i so i do can i see? sure do you? yeah r u comming out on may 2nd for the out fest i went last year but i haven't made plans where shall i send them? xplash69@aol.com voxel@neocyde.net i sent a couple rain drop yup you're cute who's butt is that? I was in LA last vacation just spoted her on the beach tanning her butt haha r u still sending? shit it bounced it's kool i forgot the 69 LOL sent again hehehe "I'm going to jump in the shower, I will check later when it here" brb k god dammit it bouced again xsplash69@aol.com? xplash69@aol.com just like my SN I'mgoing to shower brb sent again! I'm back hi hi how's it going? well thanks what's up "nothing much, just finshed clean up the apt" start on my essay now kool i'm paiting with me friend oh painting! lol we were going to go out but maybe when the rain stops heheh I probably head out to woody's tomorrow just got booted off were watchin bjork videos oh #NAME? how's the movie? over headed to bed soon what you up to? finishing the book how's Penn relays? haven't been on campus oh brb hi hey how r u? well thanks you? I'm ok... confuse.... about> about my ex... I'm just angry at him don't know why "we're just friend, but when I know that he hang out with other people, I'm just feel sad" I guess I'm not normal it's perfectly normal but it sounds like you stillh aven't worked it out I should not feel jeoulous but I'm tho.. you still want to be with him? not really it's I love him but i'm not inlove with him? I dont' know how did you deal with your in the past? focus on something else and forget about it "I'm try," that I'm try to make new freind and start changing my life style.... but sometime I have flash back of some good time sure that's valid let about talk something else. what r u doing in southphilly the other day? playing with a friend of mine heheh sup buddy hi working you? heading to the gym getting an abs talk to ya later later hi hi how's it going? not bad yourself? samehere what's up? "nothing much, got back from Miami for a week, got a lot of work to catch up" how was miami? it's great came home broke lol good way to be \;-) Hi hi how's it going buddy? decent cool yourself? any new? been real busy with work and school remind me who this is eric Hi Eric forgive me i used to have faces attached to all the people in my list it's alright buddy oh.. but i lost them when i formatted my powerbook so it's hard to remember who's who hehe I bet you have a lot of sn on your buddy list "hey, do you happen to know there a latino club around Market st?" "not off hand, but i can find out.." what's up? a friend on mine wanna check it out he's from nyc do you remember what it's called? I don't remember but I only know woody's and shampoo does have latin nite I saw a flyer some where Tonight all i know of that's going on is SOMA straight crowd tho oh hehehe i love me some latins tho hehe you like them too? oh yes I think they're very attractive tho yeah my favorite flavor hehe how long is your friend staying? just visit for the weekend.. next month OH i thought he was here already I wanna check out Cafe con le che nope something wrong with my apt what's up with it? I just don't want visitor it's licking miss spell hahaa my vocab is terrible where do you live? near the stadium "hey, gotta run talk to you later." ok laters happy turkey day! and to you :-) what's up "nothing much, I'm bored...." the city's dead TRUE a lot of ppl went out last night yeah I was there woody's pack ah a lot of new faces where do these people come from dunno. we went to Shampoo and Transit I went to woody's and pure you don't like to go to gay club huh? not really straight clubs have better music that's kool I'm not sure you're bi right? mostly gay oh not attracted to girls I thought you pick up girl at the str8 club but i've messed around with them hehe